Please note that if you send us a request relating to your personal information, we have to make sure that it is you before we can respond. In order to do so, we may use a third party to collect and verify identification documents. Further information about rights available to US residents can be found below under the header “United States Regional Privacy Notice”. If you are not happy with our response to a request, you can contact us to resolve the issue. If you are located in the EEA or UK, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection or privacy authority at any time. Finally, because there is no common understanding about what a “Do Not Track” signal is supposed to mean, we don’t respond to those signals in any particular way. Where we send your information
We are a Canadian company, but we work with and process data about individuals across the world. To operate our business, we may send your personal information outside of your state, province, or country, including to the United States. This data may be subject to the laws of the countries where we send it. We take steps to protect your information when we send your information across borders. Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant. Transfers outside of Europe and Switzerland
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, your personal information is controlled by our Irish affiliate, Shopify International Ltd. Your information is then sent to other Shopify locations and to service providers who may be located in other regions, including Canada (where we are based) and the United States. When we send your personal information outside of the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we do so in accordance with applicable law. If you are in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, when we send your personal information to Canada it is protected under Canadian law, which the European Commission has found adequately protects your information. If we then send this personal information outside of Canada (for example, when we send this information to our Subprocessors), this information is protected by contractual commitments that are comparable to those provided in the Standard Contractual Clauses. Finally, while we do what we can to protect your information, we may at times be legally required to disclose your personal information (for example, if we receive a valid court order). For information about how we respond to such orders, please review our Guidelines for Legal Requests. How long do we retain your information
We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we have collected it.