Payment Disputes
Due to the fact that Telegram doesn't store any credit card details or transaction information, it is impossible for us to handle complaints or cashbacks – any disputed payments are the responsibility of the bot developers, payment providers, and banks that participated in the exchange. 8. Who Your Personal Data May Be Shared With
8.1. Other Telegram Users
Other users of our Services with whom you choose to communicate with and share certain information, who may be located outside the EEA. Note that by entering into the Terms of Service and choosing to communicate with such other users of Telegram, you are instructing us to transfer your personal data, on your behalf, to those users in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We employ all appropriate technical and organizational measures (including encryption of your personal data) to ensure a level of security for your personal data that is appropriate to the risk. 8.2. Telegram’s Group Companies
To provide, improve and support our Services, we may share your personal data with: (1) our parent company, Telegram Group Inc, located in the British Virgin Islands, (2) Telegraph Inc., a group member also located in the BVI; and (3) Telegram FZ-LLC, a group member located in Dubai. We will implement appropriate safeguards to protect the security and integrity of that personal data. This will take the form of standard contract clauses approved by the European Commission in an agreement between us and our relevant group companies. If you would like more information regarding these clauses, please contact our EEA representative using the details in section 1.4 above. 8.3. Law Enforcement Authorities
If Telegram receives a court order that confirms you're a terror suspect, we may disclose your IP address and phone number to the relevant authorities. So far, this has never happened. When it does, we will include it in a semiannual transparency report published at: https://t.me/transparency. 8.4. Translation of Chats, Channels and specific Messages at the Request of the User
Users can choose to translate a specific text message into a different language by tapping “Translate” in the action menu of the message (to enable this option, a user should first turn on Translation services in the Settings > Languages section of the Telegram application). Telegram Premium users can also optionally enable automatic live translation on any chat, group or channel. Since Telegram may rely on a third-party, Google LLC, subsidiary of Alphabet Inc, for automatic translation of messages, the text of any message or set of messages that users choose to translate may be shared with Google in order to obtain their translated versions. Google will only access the data to provide a translation and will not use it for any other Google products, services, or advertising. 8.5.