In case of more serious violations, your account may be banned. We may also use automated algorithms to analyze messages in cloud chats to stop spam and phishing. 5.4. Cross-Device Functionality
We may also store some aggregated metadata to create Telegram features (see section 5.5 below) that work across all your devices. 5.5. Advanced features
We may use some aggregated data about how you use Telegram to build useful features. For example, when you open the Search menu, Telegram displays the people you are more likely to message in a box at the top of the screen. To do this, we calculate a rating that shows which people you message frequently. A similar rating is calculated for inline bots so that the app can suggest the bots you are most likely to use in the attachment menu (or when you start a new message with “@”). To turn this feature off and delete the relevant data, go to Settings > Privacy & Security > Data Settings and disable “Suggest Frequent Contacts”. 5.6. No Ads Based on User Data
Unlike other services, we don't use your data for ad targeting or other commercial purposes. Telegram only stores the information it needs to function as a secure and feature-rich cloud service. Telegram offers a tool for advertisers to promote their messages in public one-to-many channels, but these sponsored messages are based solely on the topic of the public channels in which they are shown. No user data is mined or analyzed to display ads or sponsored messages. 6. Bot Messages
6.1. Ecosystem
Telegram has an API that allows third-party developers to create bots. Bots are apps that look like special Telegram users: you can talk to them from your chat list, add them to groups or use a special “inline” interface to access their features. By performing any of these actions, you will be sending some of your data to the respective third-party bot developers. 6.2. How Bots Can Receive Data
You can send data to bot developers when you interact with their bots in one of these ways:
By sending messages to a bot. By using an inline bot. By participating in a group with a bot. By pressing buttons in messages sent by a bot. By paying for goods and services via bots (see section 7 below). 6.3. What Data Bots Receive
In any of the above cases, the developers of an automated user (bot) can get your public account data (see section 3.1 above): your screen name, username and profile picture(s). Bots can also receive the following data when you interact with them. Bots will obviously get your messages when you send them something. If you click on links or buttons provided by the bot, the bot can potentially get your IP address (provided that it controls the website to which the link leads). If the bot is a member of the same group with you, it may know you are a member.