As soon as your partner deletes it too, it's gone forever. As of version 5.5, any party can choose to delete any messages in one-on-one chats, both sent and received, for both sides. There is no time limit. Any party can also opt to clear the entire chat history for both parties, in which case the apps will be instructed to remove all messages in that chat, regardless of how many messages are retained by either of the participants. In supergroups and channels, deleting a message removes it for all participants. Note that deleted messages and original versions of edited messages from supergroups are stored for 48 hours after deletion in order to be shown in the admins log. 10.3. Self-Destructing Messages
Messages in Secret Chats can be ordered to self-destruct. As soon as such a message is read (2 checks appear), the countdown starts. When the timer expires, both devices participating in a secret chat are instructed to delete the message (photo, video, etc.). Media with short timers (less than a minute) are shown with blurred previews. The timer is triggered when they are viewed. 10.4. Account Self-Destruction
By default, if you stop using Telegram and do not come online for at least 6 months, your account will be deleted along with all messages, media, contacts and every other piece of data you store in the Telegram cloud. You can go to Settings to change the exact period after which your inactive account will self-destruct. 11. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will review and may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on this page www.telegram.org/privacy. Please check our website frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy, a summary of which we will set out below. March 25, 2019
Expanded 10.2. Deleting Messages with data on the new features in version 5.5, which allow both participants to remove any messages from one-on-one chats for both sides without a time limit. March 24, 2021
Added 3.5. Location Data. Improved structure, moving 3.3.5 to 3.4 and 3.3.6 to 3.6. October 26, 2021
Expanded 5.6. No Ads Based on User Data with information about sponsored messages in public channels. June 19, 2022
Added 8.4. Translation of Messages at the Request of the User and 8.5. Transcription of Voice Messages at the Request of the User. September 8, 2022
Expanded 3.2. Your Email Address with information on login emails, available as of Telegram 9.0
February 3, 2022
Updated 8.4 and 8.5 to reflect the new premium feature that allows translating entire chats. April 24, 2023
Updated 1.4, 9.2 and 12 to update the details of Telegram’s EEA representative for GDPR matters. Updated 8.2 to mention Telegraph Inc., a member of the Telegram group of companies. Important changes made to this Privacy Policy will be notified to you via Telegram. 12.