Telegram Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy sets out how we, Telegram Messenger Inc. (“Telegram”), use and protect your personal data that you provide to us, or that is otherwise obtained or generated by us, in connection with your use of our cloud-based messaging services (the “Services”). For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ refers to Telegram, and ‘you’ refers to you, the user of the Services. 1.1 Privacy Principles
Telegram has two fundamental principles when it comes to collecting and processing private data:
We don't use your data to show you ads. We only store the data that Telegram needs to function as a secure and feature-rich messaging service. 1.2. Terms of Service
This Privacy Policy forms part of our Terms of Service, which describes the terms under which you use our Services and which are available at https://telegram.org/tos. This Privacy Policy should therefore be read in conjunction with those terms. 1.3. Table of Contents
This Privacy Policy explains the following:
the legal basis for processing your personal data;
what personal data we may collect from you;
how we keep your personal data safe;
what we may use your personal data for;
who your personal data may be shared with; and
your rights regarding your personal data. 1.4. EEA Representative
If you live in a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), the Services are provided by Telegram, which for the purposes of applicable data protection legislation is the data controller responsible for your personal data when you use our Services. However, as Telegram is located outside the EEA, we have designated a third party, European Data Protection Office (EDPO), as our representative pursuant to Article 27 of the GDPR. You can direct to EDPO any of your GDPR-related queries:
by using EDPO’s online request form at https://edpo.com/telegram-gdpr-data-request/ or
by writing to EDPO at Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium. 2. Legal Ground for Processing Your Personal Data
We process your personal data on the ground that such processing is necessary to further our legitimate interests (including: (1) providing effective and innovative Services to our users; and (2) to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud or security issues in respect of our provision of Services), unless those interests are overridden by your interest or fundamental rights and freedoms that require protections of personal data. 3. What Personal Data We Use
3.1. Basic Account Data
Telegram is a communication service. You provide your mobile number and basic account data (which may include profile name, profile picture and about information) to create a Telegram account. To make it easier for your contacts and other people to reach you and recognize who you are, the screen name you choose, your profile pictures, and your username (should you choose to set one) on Telegram are always public. We don't want to know your real name, gender, age or what you like. We do not require your screen name to be your real name.