Interaction Data:
friends, number of friends, friend invitations, reactions, comments you leave on Content
shared by others, the friends with whom you interact the most, functional data related to
comments or messages. Usage Data: actions performed, including use of RealMojis, time of posting, how many times
you retook a photo before posting, number of late BeReal posts, Content viewed, Content

2/1/24, 3:42 PM BeReal. Your Friends for Real. Privacy Policy

https://bereal.com/en/privacy/ 3/8
interactions, deletions, blocking, hiding, screenshotting, application crashes and event logs. Device and Equipment Data: device type, operating system version, language preference,
and applications. We also receive data when you decide at your discretion to use certain features of our
Services:
Cameras and Photos Library: You can create an account without allowing us to access and
collect data from your device’s camera or photo library. If you refuse to allow us this access,
you will not be able to share or see Content on our Services. It’s a foundational part of how
BeReal works. Geolocation Data: You can decide to share your location when you share Content through
our Services. If you choose to share your location, depending on the feature, you can share
your precise or approximate location. Address Book Data: You can decide to allow BeReal to access your address book to identify
the friends in your Address Book who may already be on BeReal. We do not access your
Address Book without your permission. If you decide to find your friends by giving us access
to your Address Book, we hash the phone numbers in your Address Book (we don’t look at
anything else), securely send those hashed phone numbers to our systems, compare those
hashed numbers to the list of hashed phone numbers for other BeReal users, and return the
username to you as a friend suggestion. Integrations with partners: When you decide to connect a partner application to use a
specific integration on BeReal, we receive information that allows us to bring that feature to
you. This will include all necessary device data, and other optional data that you may choose
to share as part of the integration. 2. How we use information we receive about you
We would not want anyone selling our information so we do not sell your information. We use
your information carefully and thoughtfully to bring you our Services. Our Services are brought to you through a variety of software and technical infrastructure. Understanding how these systems work is complicated and they are constantly evolving as
we improve our Services. Information is often used by multiple parts of the systems to bring
you even just a small feature. As a general rule the use cases BeReal makes of the
information we receive falls into the following categories:
Operation, Improvement, and Provision of our Services: To create an account for you,
receive and display Content, identify Content or accounts that may interest you, ensure our

2/1/24, 3:42 PM BeReal. Your Friends for Real.