If you block or hide a user, at any time you can go into the
settings of the applications and view who you have blocked or hidden. You can also unblock
or unhide them at any time. Friend of Friends: You can choose to allow friends of your friends to see the Content you
share. You can control this at any time in the settings of the applications. Time Zone: When you create an account we determine your time zone for the purpose of
providing you our Services. In the settings of the applications you can change your time
zone at any time. Integrations: From time to time we may offer integrations with partners to provide you
certain features. If those partners require you to log into your account on their services to
avail of the feature, you will be able to control those integrations in the settings of the
applications at any time. Deactivate Memories: In the settings of the applications you can choose to activate or
deactivate the Memories feature at any time. If you deactivate Memories all of your prior
BeReals will be permanently deleted and unrecoverable. Delete Your Account: In the settings of the applications you can choose to delete your
account at any time. If you choose to delete your account, your account will be scheduled
for deletion. This process takes approximately 15 days. If you log back into your account
during that 15 day period, it will stop the deletion request. If you do not log back in, your

2/1/24, 3:42 PM BeReal. Your Friends for Real. Privacy Policy

https://bereal.com/en/privacy/ 7/8
account and all of your information will be permanently deleted. Note, information will not be
deleted where BeReal has received a valid legal request requiring us to preserve your
information. If your account is permanently suspended and you choose to delete your account, we will
keep Account Creation Data related to your account to prevent permanently suspended
users from creating new accounts. 6. What rights do you have over your information
Privacy is a fundamental human right. That means every person that uses our Services,
irrespective of where they reside, can expect the same things from us. Whether you are in
Europe, one of the 50 U.S. States, Latin America, the Middle East, Africa, Japan, Asia Pacific,
or anywhere in between, you can:
Delete Your Account through the settings in the applications or by contacting privacy
support;
Understand who we share your data with by reading this list of service providers and
partners or by contacting privacy support;
Get a copy of your information by contacting privacy support;
Correct your information by using the controls in the application or by contacting privacy
support;
Appeal a decision related to your information by contacting privacy support;
Ask a question about our privacy practices by contacting privacy support;
Contact our Office of Data Protection by contacting privacy support. 7.