How long do we keep information about you
Our goal is to keep your information only for as long as it’s needed to provide you our
Services. Sometimes legal requirements mean that we have to keep your information for
longer than our stated practices. Generally we keep your information according to the
timelines below. Account Creation Data: retained indefinitely (i.e., as long as you have an active account) as
it is required to provide and operate an account for you. If you choose to delete your account
this information will be deleted. Content Data: retained indefinitely (i.e., as long as you have an active account) or until the
Content is deleted by you. Communications with BeReal: retained for no longer than 24 months. Connection and Technical Data: retained for no longer than 24 months, however, some
connection data is also part of the Account Creation Data and is kept consistent with
retention periods for that data. Interaction Data: retained indefinitely (i.e., as long as you have an active account) or until
the interaction is deleted by you. Usage Data: retained for no longer than 24 months. Device and Equipment Data: retained for no longer than 24 months, however, some
connection data is also part of the Account Creation Data and is kept consistent with
retention periods for that data. Cameras and Photos library: Content data is retained indefinitely (i.e., as long as you have
an active account) or until the Content is deleted by you. Remember we don’t upload all of
your photos, you choose what Content you upload and share. As noted above, you can grant
or remove access to your device’s camera or photo library at any time but if you refuse to

2/1/24, 3:42 PM BeReal. Your Friends for Real. Privacy Policy

https://bereal.com/en/privacy/ 6/8
allow us this access, you will not be able to share or see Content on our Services. It’s a
foundational part of how BeReal works. Geolocation Data: When you share your Geolocation data with us as part of your Content,
the information is retained for as long as the Content remains on our system (i.e., until you
delete the Content or your account). Address Book Data: Where we keep phone numbers, we keep them in a hashed form and
they are only used to help find your friends where you choose to do so. This information is
retained indefinitely (i.e., as long as you have an active account) as it is required to provide
and operate an account for you. 5. What controls do you have over your information
Notification: In the settings of the applications you can choose and control which
notifications you receive about our Services. Block or Hide Users: To make sure you have a great experience when using our Services,
you can block or hide users who you do not want to receive Content from or who you do
want to see your Content.