Privacy Policy

https://bereal.com/en/privacy/ 4/8
Services operate as you expect, and improve them. Safety and Security: Ensure your and other users safety and security, the security of our
Services, our partners, and compliance with relevant laws and regulations. Measurement and Analytics: Measurement of our Services effectiveness including
performance of the application (e.g., crashes and causes of crashes), and stability, your
usage for recommendations of both accounts and Content. Communications: We want to hear from you and we hope you want to hear from us so we
need to use your information to communicate with you. This can happen when we need to
communicate with you about a feature of our Services or when you contact us to ask a
question or report Content. Research: We like real feedback from real users. When we do research, we let you know and
you get to decide if you want to be a part of it. If you do, you will share information for
research or product testing purposes. We have published, and keep up to date, a chart that shows the information we receive
about you, the purposes we use it for, the legal reasons for that use, and the length of time
we keep that information. 3. When we share information about you
We only share your information when it’s necessary to provide you our Services or it’s
required by law. That generally falls into the following categories. BeReal Employees: To bring our Services to you or provide you support, authorized BeReal
employees may need to get access to your information. Other Users: When you share Content through our Services, that Content is available to your
real friends or if you share the Content more broadly to all BeReal users. Service Providers: To bring you our Services we work with a small group of partners who
provide us services. This includes partners who help with technical and hosting support,
sending notifications, publishing, and sharing content, user analytics and satisfaction
surveys, management of security incidents or fraudulent activity, etc. In working with those
partners, we may share your information with them to bring you our Services. Partner Integrations: Where we partner to bring you a feature we may need to share your
information with the partner to integrate the feature into our Services. 2/1/24, 3:42 PM BeReal. Your Friends for Real. Privacy Policy

https://bereal.com/en/privacy/ 5/8
Legal and Statutory Purposes: From time to time we may receive legal requests for
information related to our users, be required to proactively share data with authorities when
we learn of certain Content on our Services (e.g., Child Sexual Abuse Material or terrorism),
address fraud or security concerns, or protect people on our Services or elsewhere from
harm. Change in Ownership. In the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets,
or bankruptcy, BeReal may share, sell or transfer information about you. This Privacy Policy
would apply to all transferred information. 4.