Privacy Policy

Last Updated: April 25, 2023

Some of the best moments in life are private, shared only with your family or close friends. That’s part of what led to BeReal’s creation. We’re not here for the influencer or the filtered
mass market life. We’re here to keep it simple, personal and real. So naturally, privacy is
important to us. This Privacy Policy is part of the User Agreement which also comprises our Terms of Service
(“Terms”) and our Community Standards. It’s designed to make sure you know what
information we collect about you, how we use it, when we share it, and the controls we
provide you to manage the information you share with us. Throughout the User Agreement
some words have specific meanings and they should be interpreted the same way wherever
they are used. Like the rest of the User Agreement, we cannot make you read it. But if you read it, we are
sure you will learn a bit more about how we respect your information, and you’ll make our
Legal team really happy! 1. Information we receive about you
When we use the term Information we mean data that may include but not be limited to
personal data. BeReal collects information that you provide directly to us (data that you provide to us) and
also through your use of our Services (data we collect when you use our Services). 1.1 Data that you provide to us
Account Creation Data: This is data that is required to create an account. Without it, we
cannot provide you our Services. EN

2/1/24, 3:42 PM BeReal. Your Friends for Real. Privacy Policy

https://bereal.com/en/privacy/ 2/8
your phone number, first and/or last name, date of birth, and a username. During account creation there is also some additional information you can decide to share
with us
a biography, email address, your location, and profile picture. Content Data: We receive Content (as defined in the Terms) that you create when you use
our Services. This includes:
profile photos, photos, videos, RealMojis, emojis, captions, comments, messages or
geolocation. Remember, other users can copy (e.g., screenshot) your Content and share it through other
services so we recommend that you do not share any Content that you do not want other
people see or copy. Communications with BeReal: When you report a concern with our Services, respond to a
survey, request assistance, or exercise your rights, we receive information from you that is
necessary to support you, respond to you, and improve our services. This may include:
content of message, photos, copies of government issued identification, identifiers (e.g.,
phone numbers or email address), or other information. 1.2 Data we collect when you use our Services
Like all internet based services, as you use our Services, we automatically receive
information about you from your device and your usage of our Services:
Connection and Technical Data:
IP address, account creation date, last login, terminal equipment and port.