Each Third Party Developer is bound by the Wix App Market Partner Agreement, which among other things, restricts the ways in which such developers may access, store, share, and use the Personal Information you and/or your Users-of-Users provide to them. c) Social Media Features: Our Services may enable you to integrate certain Social Media features, widgets, and single sign on features, such as “Facebook Connect,” or “Google Sign-in” (“Social Media Features”) into your web or mobile sites. These Social Media Features may collect certain Personal Information from your Users-of-Users such as identifiers, including name, alias, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers. Social Media Features are hosted either by a third party or directly on our Services. Please note that in the examples listed above in this Section 4.6, Wix merely acts as an intermediary platform allowing you to procure the services of such Third Party Services (including, but not limited to, Third Party Developers, Third Party Apps and Social Media Features) with which you are interacting directly, and at your discretion. In this respect, Wix acts as a service provider to you, disclosing information to the Third Party Services on your behalf. Wix will share your Users-of-Users’ Personal Information with Third Parties Services only upon your direction or with your permission and is not, and shall not be, in any way responsible for such Third Party Services processing of such Personal Information, or liable with respect thereto. Wix does not control and is not responsible for the actions or policies of any Third Party Service, and your use of any Third Party Service is at your own risk. We encourage you to review any privacy policy accompanying a Third Party Service and ask such Third Party Service for any clarifications you may need before deciding to install and/or use their services. 4.6. 5. Where do we Store/Process your ‘Personal Information’? Wix processes data about individuals across the world and may transfer your Personal Information outside of your country. Your security, privacy and confidentiality are our top priority and that's why Wix conducts a vetting process that includes an assessment of the privacy laws in those countries to validate they have strong data protection laws. 5.1. User's personal information is controlled by Wix.com Ltd. in Israel, which the European Commission considers as a country offering an adequate level of protection for the Personal Information of E.U. Member State residents (see here). 5.2.