When you visit, download, and/or use any of our Services, we may collect aggregated usage Personal Information, such as Visitors’ and Users’ browsing and ‘click-stream’ activity on the Services, session heatmaps and scrolls, non-identifying Personal Information regarding the Visitor’s or User’s device, operating system, internet browser, screen resolution, language and keyboard settings, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, date/time stamps, etc
Information we collect from other sources. We may receive Personal Information about you from third-party sources, such as i) security providers , fraud detection and prevention providers for example to help us screen out users associated with fraud, ii) social media platforms, when you log-in or sign-up using your social media account, we may receive Personal Information from that service (e.g., your username, basic profile Personal Information) and in some cases, we may collect Personal Information from lead enhancement companies which help us to improve our service offering; iii) advertising and marketing partners in order to monitor, manage and measure our ad campaigns. #ItsThatEasy
To provide our Services, we collect Personal Information about our Users. The Personal Information comes from you when you visit or use our services, Personal Information we collect automatically, and Personal Information we collect from other sources. 2.2. Users of users ‘Personal Information’
We may also collect Personal Information pertaining to visitors and users of our User’s websites or services (“Users-of-Users”), solely for and on our Users’ behalf (as further described in Section ‎6 below). 2.3. Wix jobs applicant information
We also collect information that is provided to us by Wix jobs candidates (“Applicants”), when they apply to any of the open positions published at https://www.wix.com/jobs, by e-mail or otherwise (as further described in our Privacy Policy for Job Applicants). 3. Why do we collect such ‘Personal Information’
We use your Personal Information for the following purposes:
To provide and operate the Services;
.To further develop, customize, expand, and improve our Services, based on Users’ common or personal preferences, experiences and difficulties;
To provide our Users with ongoing customer assistance and technical support;
To be able to contact our Users with general or personalized service-related notices and promotional messages (as further detailed in Section 8 below);
To help us to update, expand and analyze our records to identify new customers;
To facilitate, sponsor, and offer certain contests, events, and promotions, determine participants’ eligibility, monitor performance, contact winners, and grant prizes and benefits;
To analyze our performance and marketing activities;
To create aggregated statistical data and other aggregated and/or inferred information, which we or our business partners may use to provide and improve our respective services;
To provide you with professional assistance. To enhance our data security and fraud prevention capabilities; and
To comply with any applicable laws and regulations. We may use techniques like “machine learning” (European law refers to this as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our services.