​
If you upload any user content to your User Account or post it on your User Website and provide it in any other way as part of the use of any Service, you do so at your own risk. We have put adequate security measures in place to protect your Personal Information. However, we cannot control the actions of other Users or members of the public who may access your User Content, and are not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures you or we may have placed on your User Website (including, for instance, password-protected areas on your User Website). You understand and acknowledge that, even after its removal by you or us, copies of User Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if any third parties (including any of your Users-of-Users) have copied or stored such User Content. To clarify, we advise against uploading or posting any information you do not wish to be public. #ItsThatEasy
Avoid posting any Personal Information to any of the public areas on our Services, or to your own website, if you don’t want it to become publicly available. 17. Updates and interpretation
We may update this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law, and to reflect changes to our Personal Information collection, usage and storage practices. If we make any changes that we deem as “material” (in our sole good faith discretion), we will notify you (using one of the notification methods set forth in Section 15.3 of the Terms of Use) prior to the change becoming effective. In relation to any updated Privacy Policy, we will, as required by applicable law, notify you, seek your consent and/or take any other measures. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest Information on our privacy practices. Unless stated otherwise, our most current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your Users-of-Users, with respect to our Website, Wix Apps, Mobile Apps and other Services. ​
Any heading, caption or section title contained herein, and any explanation or summary under the right “#ItsThatEasy” column, is provided only for convenience, and in no way defines or explains any section or provision hereof, or legally binds any of us in any way. ​
This Privacy Policy was written in English, and may be translated into other languages for your convenience. You may access and view other language versions by changing your Wix Website language settings. If a translated (non-English) version of this Privacy Policy conflicts in any way with its English version, the provisions of the English version shall prevail. #ItsThatEasy
We may change this policy at any time. We will notify you of changes as required by applicable law. ​
Only the left column is legally binding (this column is just for clarity). ​
Translated (non-English) versions of these terms are provided for convenience only. 18.