If you are in Europe, the U.K., or Switzerland, when we transfer your Personal Information to a location outside of Europe, We will make sure that (i) there is a level of protection deemed adequate by the European Commission or (ii) that the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses are in place (i.e., the applicable module of the Standard Contractual Clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries pursuant to Regulation (E.U.) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council from June 4, 2021, as available here, and the ICO’s International Data Transfer Addendum to the E.U. Commission Standard Contractual Clauses version B1.0, in force from 21 March 2022, as it is revised under Section ‎‎18 of its Mandatory Clauses), or (iii) we comply with Data Privacy Framework as applicable to data transfers to the United States and specified in clause 5.4 below, or (iv) we use another legally recognized transfer mechanism in the applicable jurisdiction. 5.3. #ItsThatEasy
We may store and process Personal Information in the USA, Europe, Israel, or other jurisdictions, whether by ourselves or with the help of our affiliates and service providers. Wix’s data storage providers are contractually committed to protect and secure your data. Among other things, Wix will ensure that there is the adequate level of protection or that relevant Standard Contractual Clauses are in place for the international transfer of our EU users’ data. When Wix transfers E.U. Personal Information to a third country that the European Commission did not find will adequately protect your information, Wix ensures that it has taken additional measures to comply with the European data protection laws. Data Privacy Framework: Wix and its covered entities DeviantArt, Inc., InkFrog, Inc, Modalyst, Inc and SpeedTab, Inc, complies with Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) that embeds the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, European Commission, UK Government, and Swiss Federal Administration regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union, the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to the United States. Wix has certified to the U.S. International Trade Administration (ITA), within the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Data Privacy Framework Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Data Privacy Framework Principles shall govern. Wix’s commitment to subject the personal information described in this Policy to the Data Privacy Framework is subject to the enforcement and investigative powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework Program visit  https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov, and to view our certification, please click here.