Questions and complaints
If you have any questions or concerns about our collection, use or disclosure of Personal Information, or if you believe that we have not complied with this Privacy Policy or applicable data protection laws, please contact us – our details are set out at the end of this Privacy Policy. ​
Our Data Protection Officer team will investigate the complaint and determine whether a breach has occurred and what action, if any, to take. We take every privacy complaint seriously and will make all reasonable efforts to resolve your complaint promptly and in accordance with applicable law. ​
You can file a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection at any time, however we recommend that you contact us first so we can try to resolve it. #ItsThatEasy
You can file a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection at any time. Please contact us first so we can try to resolve your concerns. 12. Data retention
We may retain your Personal Information (as well as your Users-of-Users’ Personal Information) for as long as your User Account is active, as indicated in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise needed to provide you with our Services. ​
We may continue to retain your Personal Information after you deactivate your User Account and/or cease to use any particular Services, as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes regarding our Users or their Users-of-Users, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our agreements and/or protect our legitimate interests. ​
To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of such data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of such data, the purposes for which we process it, and the applicable legal requirements. #ItsThatEasy
We may keep your Personal Information for as long as your account is active, and longer as needed (for example, if we are legally obligated to keep it longer, or need it to protect our interests). 13. Security
Wix has implemented security measures designed to protect the Personal Information you share with us, including physical, electronic and procedural measures. Among other things, we offer HTTPS secure access to most areas on our Services; the transmission of sensitive payment information (such as a credit card number) through our designated purchase forms is protected by an industry standard SSL/TLS encrypted connection; and we regularly maintain a PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards) certification. We also regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and regularly seek new ways and Third Party Services for further enhancing the security of our Services and protection of our Visitors’ and Users’ privacy. ​
Regardless of the measures and efforts taken by Wix, we cannot and do not guarantee the absolute protection and security of your Personal Information, your Users-of-Users’ Personal Information or any other information you upload, publish or otherwise share with Wix or anyone else.