Wix may share personal information with third parties under certain circumstances described in this Policy, subject to obligations under the Data Privacy Framework Principles extend to third parties acting as agents who help us run our business and provide services, and Wix remains liable should a third party acting as our agent process personal information subject to this Policy in a manner inconsistent with this Policy, except where Wix is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. In compliance with the Data Privacy Framework Principles, Wix.com commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. E.U., UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our  Data Privacy Framework policy should first contact us at: privacy@wix.com. Wix.com  commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Wix.com has further committed to refer unresolved  Data Privacy Framework complaints to an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you have an unresolved privacy, or data use, concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider TRUSTe at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request for more information or to file a complaint. The services are provided at no cost to you. If you have such an unresolved complaint, under the recourse mechanism you may contact the applicable  EU Data Protection Authorities (free of charge). Wix commits to cooperate with the DPAs and comply with the advice given by such authorities. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, you may - under certain conditions described on the Data Privacy Framework website - invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. For more information on this option, please see Annex I of the Data Privacy Framework Principles. 5.4

6. Users-of-users’ ‘Personal Information’
Wix may collect, store and process certain Personal Information of Users-of-Users (“Users-of-Users Information”), solely on our Users’ behalf and at their direction. For example, each of our Users is able to import their email contacts from third-party services like Gmail, or otherwise collect and manage contacts via their User Website. Such contacts are then stored with Wix, on the User’s behalf. ​
 For such purposes, Wix serves and shall be considered as a “Processor” and not as the “Controller” (as both such capitalized terms are defined in the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)) of such Users-of-Users Information.