Wix.com Privacy Policy
Effective from January 17, 2023
Welcome to Wix.com’s Privacy Policy

1. Please read carefully
Wix.com cares deeply about the privacy of its visitors and users. To that end, this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how Wix.com Ltd., together with its affiliated companies worldwide (“Wix”, “we”, “our”, or “us”), collect, use, and share your Personal Information, as well as an explanation of the data rights you may have in that Personal Information. This Privacy Policy applies to all Wix users, including unregistered visitors, registered users, and premium users (collectively, “Users”, “you”, or “your”), and to all Wix services, including our websites (including www.wix.com and any of its subdomains, the “Website”), web applications (“Wix Apps”), mobile applications (“Mobile Apps”), and related services (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy is not intended to override the terms of any contract you have with us, nor any rights you may have under other applicable data privacy laws. Prior to accessing or using our Services, please read this policy and make sure you fully understand our practices in relation to your Personal Information. If you read and fully understand this Privacy Policy, and remain opposed to our practices, you must immediately leave and discontinue all use of any of our Services. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, please contact us here. #ItsThatEasy
This policy describes our privacy practices – what Personal Information we collect about our Users, what we do with it, how we share it, and your rights regarding that Personal Information. ​
By accessing or using any of our Services, you acknowledge that you have read this Privacy Policy. 2. What ‘Personal Information’ do we collect? 2.1. User information:
To provide you the Services, we must collect Personal Information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“Personal Information”). We collect Personal Information you provide us, from your use of the Services, and from other sources. Here are the types of Personal Information we collect about you:
Information you provide us. When you register for our Services, sign up for any Wix events, subscribe to our blog(s) or newsletter(s), purchase and/or register domain names, use any of our Services; and/or when you contact us directly by any communication channel (e.g., Wix’s support tickets, emails), you may provide us Personal Information, such as name, email address, phone number, payment information (for Users with Paid Services), information you include in your communications with us and with other users on our platform, and Personal Information contained in scanned identification documents (such as an ID card, driver’s license, passport, or official company registration documents). Information we collect when you use the Services.