Law Enforcement, Legal Requests and Duties: Wix may disclose or otherwise allow access to any categories of your Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy pursuant to a legal request, such as a subpoena, legal proceedings, search warrant or court order, or in compliance with applicable laws, if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so, with or without notice to you. 4.2. Protecting Rights and Safety:  Wix may share any categories of your Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy if we believe in good faith that this will help protect the rights, property or personal safety of Wix, any of our Users, any Users-of-Users, or any member of the general public, with or without notice to you. 4.3. Wix Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies: We may share your Personal Information internally within our family of companies, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may share your Personal Information with Wix.com Inc., our US-based subsidiary, in the course of facilitating and providing you (and your Users-of-Users) with our Services. Sharing Personal Information by Wix subsidiaries and affiliated companies in the European Union, the United Kingdom and Switzerland with Wix’s subsidiaries located outside these regions will only take place under an approved transfer mechanism, such as the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses. 4.4. In connection with a change in corporate control: In addition, should Wix or any of its affiliates undergo any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of substantially all of its assets, your Personal Information may be shared with the parties involved in such event. 4.5. Upon Your Further Direction: The Wix Services enable you, through different techniques, to engage and procure various third party services, products and tools for enhancing your web or mobile sites, including, without limitation, applications and widgets offered to you by third parties through the Wix Website (including the Wix App Market), eCommerce payment providers, third party designers who may assist you with your website, etc. (collectively, “Third Party Services”). If you choose to engage with such Third Party Services, they may have access to and process Personal Information of your Users-of-Users collected through your web or mobile sites. For example:
a) Framed Pages: our Services may enable you to integrate Third Party Services directly into your web or mobile sites, such as via page framing techniques to serve content to or from Third Party Services  or other parties (“Frames”). In these circumstances, the Third Party Services may collect Personal Information from your Users-of-Users. b) App Market Developers: We allow third party developers (“Third Party Developer(s)”) to develop and offer their own applications via the Wix App Market (“Third Party App(s)”) to Users, which you may integrate into your web or mobile sites.