When we use machine learning, we either: (i) still have a human being involved in the process (and so are not fully automated); or (ii) use machine learning in ways that don’t have significant privacy implications (for example, reordering how applications might appear when you visit the Wix App Market). We may also use machine learning to help us monitor, identify, and suspend accounts sending spam, or engaging in other abusive or fraudulent activity. We use your Personal Information for the purposes set out in Section 3 where:
Our use of your Personal Information is necessary to perform a contract or to take steps to enter into a contract with you (e.g. to provide you with a website builder, to provide you with our customer assistance and technical support);
Our use of your Personal Information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have; or
Our use of your Personal Information is necessary to support legitimate interests and business purposes (for example, to maintain and improve our Services and the effectiveness of Wix by identifying technical issues), provided it is conducted in a way that is proportionate and that respects your privacy rights. #ItsThatEasy
We use the Personal Information we collect about you to provide our services and make them better and safer. ​
We also collect and use Personal Information in order to contact Users and to comply with the laws applicable to us. 4. How we share your ‘Personal Information’
We may share your Personal Information with service providers and others (or otherwise allow them access to it) in the following manners and instances:
Third Party Service Providers:  Wix has partnered with a number of selected service providers, whose services and solutions complement, facilitate and enhance our own. These include hosting and server co-location services, communications and content delivery networks (CDNs), data and cyber security services, billing and payment processing services, domain name registrars, fraud detection and prevention services, web analytics, e-mail distribution and monitoring services, session recording and remote access services, performance measurement, data optimization and marketing services, content providers, and our legal and financial advisors (collectively, “Third Party Service Provider(s)”). ​
Wix may share the following categories of Personal Information with Third Party Service Providers for a business purpose:
identifiers, including name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers. commercial Personal Information, for example Personal Information regarding products or services purchased, obtained, or considered. 4.1. #ItsThatEasy
We may share the Personal Information of our Users and Users-of-Users with various third parties, including certain service providers and law enforcement officials. ​
The Personal Information may be shared solely in accordance with this policy.