Our users are solely responsible for their users-of-users information, including for its legality, security and integrity. Wix has no direct relationship with any of its users’ users. If you are a user-of-user, please contact the Wix site owner directly. 7. Use of cookies and other third-party technologies
We and our Third Party Service Providers use cookies and other similar technologies (“Cookies”) in  order for us to provide our Service and ensure that it performs properly, to analyze our performance and marketing activities, and to personalize your experience. ​
You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies and how you can exercise control over them in our Cookie Policy. ​
Please note that we do not change our practices in response to a “Do Not Track” signal in the HTTP header from a browser or mobile application, however, most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser. #ItsThatEasy
We and certain third party services may use cookies and similar tracking technologies throughout our services. These technologies are used mostly for stability, security, functionality, performance and advertising purposes. 8. Communications from Wix
8.1. Promotional messages
We may use your Personal Information to send you promotional content and messages by e-mail, text messages, notifications within our platform, marketing calls and similar forms of communication from Wix or our partners (acting on Wix’s behalf) through such means. ​
If you do not wish to receive such promotional messages or calls, you may notify Wix at any time or follow the “unsubscribe” or STOP instructions contained in the promotional communications you receive. #ItsThatEasy
We may send you promotional messages and content. You can easily opt-out of receiving promotional messages by contacting us or unsubscribing. 8.2. Service and billing messages
Wix may also contact you with important information regarding our Services, or your use thereof. For example, we may send you a notice (through any of the means available to us) if a certain Service is temporarily suspended for maintenance; reply to your support ticket or e-mail; send you reminders or warnings regarding upcoming or late payments for your current or upcoming subscriptions; forward abuse complaints regarding your User Website; or notify you of material changes in our Services. ​
It is important that you are always able to receive such messages. For this reason, you are unable to opt-out of receiving such Service and Billing Messages unless you are no longer a Wix User (which can be done by deactivating your account). We may also contact you with service and billing-related messages and content. You will not be able to opt-out of receiving such messages. 9. Your rights in relation to your ‘Personal Information’
Wix believes that it is imperative that all Wix users have control over their Personal Information.