​
The Users controlling and operating such User Websites shall be considered as the “Controllers” of such Users-of-Users Information, and are responsible for complying with all laws and regulations that may apply to the collection and control of such Users-of-Users Information, including all privacy and data protection laws of all relevant jurisdictions. ​
The Processing of the Users-of-users’ Personal Information shall take place within the territory of the European Union, Israel or a third country, territory or one or more specified sectors within that third country of which the European Commission has decided that it ensures an adequate level of protection and such processing and transfer will be in accordance to the Data Processing Addendum – Users (“DPA"). Any transfer to and Processing in a third country outside the European Union that does not ensure an adequate level of protection according to the European Commission, shall be conducted under an approved transfer mechanism, as detailed in the DPA. ​
You are responsible for the security, integrity and authorized usage of Personal Information about Users-of-Users’, and for obtaining consents, permissions and providing any required data subject rights and fair processing notices required for the collection and usage of such Personal Information. ​
Wix cannot provide legal advice to Users or their Users-of-Users, however we do recommend that all Users publish and maintain clear and comprehensive privacy policies on their User Websites in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations, and that all Users-of-Users carefully read those policies and make sure that they understand and, to the extent required by applicable law, consent to them. ​
For more information on how Users-of-Users Personal Information may be handled by Wix (which may be relevant for any specific notice you provide to and/or consent you obtain from your Users-of-Users), please see Sections 4, 12 and 13. If you are a visitor, user or customer of any of our Users, please read the following: Wix has no direct relationship with Users-of-Users whose Personal Information it processes. If you are a visitor, user or customer of any of our Users, and would like to make any requests or queries regarding your Personal Information, please contact such User(s) directly. For example, if you wish to request to access, correct, amend, or delete inaccurate Personal Information processed by Wix on behalf of its Users, please direct your query to the relevant User (who is the “Controller” of such data). If Wix is requested by our Users to remove any Users-of-Users’ Personal Information, we will respond to such requests in a timely manner upon verification and in accordance with applicable law (for example, thirty (30) days under the GDPR). Unless otherwise instructed by our User, we will retain their Users-of-Users’ Personal Information for the period set forth in Section 12 below. #ItsThatEasy
Wix may collect and process Personal Information regarding the users of our users. We do this solely on our users’ behalf, and at their direction.