We encourage you to set strong passwords for your User Account and User Website, and avoid providing us or anyone with any sensitive Personal Information of which you believe its disclosure could cause you substantial or irreparable harm. Furthermore, because certain areas on our Services are less secure than others (for example, if you set your Support forum ticket to be “Public” instead of “Private”, or if you browse to a non-SSL page), and since e-mail and instant messaging are not recognized as secure forms of communications, we request and encourage you not to share any Personal Information on any of these areas or via any of these methods. ​
If you have any questions regarding the security of our Services, you are welcome to contact us here. #ItsThatEasy
Wix values the security of our customers' Personal Information and we do everything in our power to protect it. However, as we can’t guarantee absolute protection – we encourage you to be careful, set a strong password for your account, and avoid submitting any sensitive information which, if exposed, could cause you major harm. 14. Third-party websites
Our Services may contain links to other websites or services. We are not responsible for such websites’ or services’ privacy practices. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Services and to read the privacy statements of each and every website and service you visit before providing your Personal Information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such linked third party websites and services. #ItsThatEasy
Our Services may contain links to other websites or services. 15. Wix jobs applications
Wix welcomes all qualified Applicants to apply to any of the open positions published at https://www.wix.com/jobs, by sending us their contact details, CV, and other relevant information via the application form on our Website. Wix will handle this data in accordance with our Privacy Policy for Job Applicants. #ItsThatEasy
We welcome all qualified job seekers to apply to any of our open positions, by sending us their contact details and CV. We will use such Personal Information solely for our internal recruitment, employment and business purposes. 16. Public forums and user content
Our Services offer publicly accessible blogs, communities and support forums. Please be aware that any Personal Information you provide in any such areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your Personal Information from our blogs, communities or forums, feel free to contact us here. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your Personal Information from such areas. For example, if you use a third party application to post a comment (e.g., the Facebook social plugin application) while logged in to your related profile with such third party, you must login into such application or contact its provider if you want to remove the Personal Information you posted on that platform. ​
In any event, we advise against posting any Personal Information (via any means) you don’t wish to publicize.