Alternatively, you can also submit a request to access your Personal Information through this web form, by submitting a request by email to privacy@wix.com, or by mailing your request to Wix.com, 40 Namal Tel Aviv St., Tel Aviv 6350671, Israel. Right to Deletion: If you want to exercise your right to request deletion of any of your Personal Information that you have stored with us, please follow the instructions provided in this Help Center article: <"Permanently Deleting Your Wix Account">, which explains how to delete your Personal Information that you can access directly through your User account. You can also choose to submit a request to delete all your Personal Information (including information accessible via your User account and any other Personal Information we hold about you) through this web form, by submitting a request by email to privacy@wix.com, or by mailing your request to Wix.com, 40 Namal Tel Aviv St., Tel Aviv 6350671, Israel. Once we receive and verify your consumer request, we will delete your personal information from our records unless an exception applies. We will make reasonable efforts to honor your request promptly and consistent with requirements under applicable law. Please note that permanently deleting your Wix account erases all of your Personal Information from Wix's databases. After completing this process, you can no longer use any of your Wix Services, your account, and all its data will be removed permanently, and Wix will not be able to restore your account or retrieve your data in the future. Additionally, if you contact our support channels in the future, the system will not recognize your account, and support agents will not be able to locate the deleted account. If you cannot access your Wix account or if you wish to exercise your CCPA rights through an authorized agent operating on your behalf, you, or your authorized agent (as applicable) may send a request to privacy@wix.com or reach out to our customer care department, including by requesting a callback from a customer care expert. To process your request, in order to protect Users’ accounts and Personal Information, we may ask you or your authorized agent for the verifying information detailed above, which may vary according to the circumstances of your request. Authorized agents will also need to provide Wix with a copy of the consumer’s signed authorization designating them as their agent. ​
The rights described in this section may also apply to other U.S. States' residents, according to applicable laws and regulations. #ItsThatEasy
California residents have a few options to submit requests to exercise their rights. Please refer to this Section 10 for more detail on how you or your authorized agent may submit different types of requests. Wix does NOT sell (as such term is defined in the CCPA) your Personal Information or your customers’ Personal Information (Users-of-Users) to third parties. 11.