Therefore, depending on the way you use the Wix Services, you may have the right to request access to, receive a copy of, update, amend or delete, port certain Personal Information to another service, restrict, or object to certain uses of your Personal Information (for example, for direct marketing purposes). Further, when we rely on your consent for processing of your Personal Information (for instance, for direct marketing) you can withdraw your consent at any time, and such withdrawal will take effect from thereon. Wix will not charge you more if you exercise any of these rights and will continue to provide you with the same level of service. If you are a Wix user, you can access and correct a lot of your Personal Information directly through your account, or via online forms Wix makes available to you (as detailed below). You can also exercise your rights by sending your request to privacy@wix.com, mailing it to Wix.com, 40 Namal Tel Aviv St., Tel Aviv 6350671, Israel, or reaching out to our customer care department. When we receive your right request, we may take steps to verify your identity before complying with the request to protect your privacy and security. ​
Before fulfilling your request, we may ask you for additional information in order to confirm your identity and for security purposes. We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law (e.g. if your request is unfounded or excessive). ​
You have the right to file a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection (but we still recommend that you contact us first). If you are a Wix User, and you wish to receive a copy, access and/or request us to make corrections to the Personal Information that you have stored with us (either yours or your Users-of-Users’), or wish to request a list of what Personal Information (if any) pertaining to you we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes, please follow the instructions provided in these Help Center articles: “Retrieving Your Wix Account Data” or "Permanently Deleting Your Wix Account”. You can also mail your request to Wix.com, 40 Namal Tel Aviv St., Tel Aviv 6350671, Israel. We will make reasonable efforts to honor your request promptly (unless we require further information from you in order to fulfil your request), subject to legal and other permissible considerations. ​
Please note that permanently deleting your Wix account erases all of your Personal Information from Wix's databases. After completing this process, you can no longer use any of your Wix Services, your account and all its data will be removed permanently, and Wix will not be able to restore your account or retrieve your data in the future. If you contact our support channels in the future, the system will not recognize your account and support agents will not be able to locate the deleted account.