#ItsThatEasy
When it comes to your Personal Information you stored with us, you have the right to: access, receive a copy of, update, amend or delete your Personal Information​, enjoy data portability (in certain cases) restrict, or object to certain uses of your Personal Information, withdraw consent you’ve given us before to processing. Just reach out to us by e-mail, mail or through our customer care team, or, when available, fill out our dedicated form. You may also correct and/or update your Personal Information through your user account, if you have one. You can also delete your Personal Information by deleting  your entire account. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. 10. Additional Information for California residents
If you are a California resident using the Services, the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") grants you the right to request access to and deletion of the Personal Information Wix collects about you, as well as to request that we disclose how we collect, use, and share your Personal Information. California residents also have a right to opt-out of the sale of their Personal Information by a business and a right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of their rights under the CCPA. ​
No sale of Personal Information. Wix does NOT sell (as such term is defined in the CCPA) your Personal Information or your customers’ (Users-of-Users) Personal Information to third parties, and Wix has not sold Personal Information in the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Policy. ​
No Discrimination. Wix does not discriminate against any User for exercising their rights under the CCPA. California consumers can exercise their CCPA rights directly or through an authorized agent by signing in to their registered Wix account at Wix.com and following the instructions outlined below. Please note: in order to protect Users’ accounts and Personal Information and safeguard Users’ privacy rights, we verify Users’ deletion and access requests, and to that extent, we may ask you for additional information or documentation (depending on the case), such as account related information, and, in some cases, billing information used to purchase paid Services, and a copy of documents that can assist with verifying your identity. Such identification documentation (if requested) will be used only for verification purposes and we will delete it after your request is processed. The following instructions apply to Personal Information we may collect from California residents on or through our Services. ​
Right to Know: If you want to exercise your right to know or receive a copy or access the Personal Information that you have stored with us, please follow the instructions provided in this Help Center article: <"Retrieving Your Wix Account Data">, which explains how you can retrieve your Personal Information directly from within your Wix account.