Why we may preserve your information longer

Your information, including financial transaction data related to purchases or money transfers made on our Products, may be preserved and accessed for a longer time period if it’s related to any of the following:

A legal request or obligation, including obligations of Meta Companies or to comply with applicable law
A governmental investigation
An investigation of possible violations of our terms or policies
To prevent harm
For safety, security and integrity purposes
To protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
If it’s needed in relation to a legal claim, complaint, litigation or regulatory proceedings

In some cases, we may preserve your information based on the above reasons even after you request deletion of your account or some of your content. We may also preserve information from accounts that have been disabled and content that has been removed for violations of our terms and policies. How do we transfer information? Because we connect people all around the world, we need to transfer information all around the world, too
When we do this, we follow international regulations to keep your information safe

Why is information transferred to other countries? We share the information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers, and externally with our partners, measurement vendors, service providers and other third parties. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary for a variety of reasons, including:

So we can operate and provide the services stated in the terms of the Meta Product you’re using and this Policy. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe. So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products

Where is the information transferred? Your information will be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in: 

Places we have infrastructure or data centers, including the United States, Ireland, Denmark and Sweden, among others
Countries where Meta Company Products are available
Other countries where our partners, vendors, service providers and other third parties are located outside of the country where you live, for purposes as described in this Policy

How do we safeguard your information? We rely on appropriate mechanisms for international data transfers. We also make sure that appropriate safeguards are in place whenever we transfer your information. For example, we encrypt your information when it’s in transit over public networks to protect it from unauthorized access. How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm? Sometimes we have to provide information to respond to legal requests when necessary. If there’s a law that says we need to keep your information for some reason, we need to comply with it. So we’ll keep information to obey that law.