We work with independent researchers to better understand the impact social media might have on elections and democratic processes
We’ve collaborated with academics and industry experts to help improve internet access and quality in rural areas
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning to do things like create COVID-19 forecasting models

How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners? You can choose to share information on our Products or with integrated partners
Remember to share only with people you trust
You might decide to use a product that integrates with one of ours, like if you use Facebook Login to log into a music service or a shopping site
If you do, that organization will ask you to receive some information about you, like your email address or birthday

On Meta Products

People and accounts you share and communicate with

When you share and communicate using our Products, you can sometimes choose the audience for what you share. When you interact with people or businesses, they can see:

What you share with them

For example, the audience you choose can see when you:

Share a post you’ve written
Share a photo or video
Create a story
Share a news article
Add information to your profile

What you communicate with them

People you interact with can see what you send to them. So if you send a person or a business a message on Messenger or Instagram, that person or business can read your message. Some of your activity

People and businesses can also see some of your activity on our Products. This includes when you:

Comment on or react to others’ posts
Engage with ads or other sponsored or commercial content, like by commenting or liking
Allow content you've shared about a product in a Shop to be shared across our Products
View their story on Facebook or Instagram
Connect a new Meta device, like Portal or Ray-Ban Stories, to your account

When you’re active

Some of our Products might provide you with settings that allow others to see when you're active on our Products, such as “active status.” In some cases, we also offer settings that allow others to see when you’re active in a particular section of one of our Products, like a message thread, game or event, or when you last used one of our Products. Content others share or reshare about you

Who can see or reshare your content

People in your audience can view your content and can choose to share it with others outside your audience, on and off our Products. For example, when you share a post or send a message to specific friends, they can download, screenshot or reshare it with anyone, on, across or off our Products. When you comment on a post or react to a photo, your comment or reaction can be seen by anyone who can see the post or photo. This can include people you aren’t connected to.