We use information with special protections you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads. Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:

How we show ads and other sponsored or commercial content

When you use our Products, you see ads and sponsored or commercial content, like product listings in Shops. You also see ads shown through Meta Audience Network or commercial content when you visit other apps. We want everything you see to be interesting and useful to you. To decide what to show you and others, we use information we have about you, including:

Your profile information
Your activity on and off our Products, including information we receive through cookies and similar technologies, according to your settings
Content you create or interact with across Facebook and Instagram
Things we infer about you, like topics we think you may be interested in
Information about your friends, followers or other connections, including their activity or interests

How we use information to improve our Products

We’re always trying to make our Products better and create new ones with the features you want. Information we collect from you helps us learn how. We use information we collect to:

See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better

How we use location-related information

We use location-related information that you allow us to receive if you turn on the Location Services device setting. This includes things like your GPS location and, depending on the operating system you're using, other device signals. We also receive and use some location-related information even if Location Services is turned off. This includes:

IP addresses which we use to estimate your general location. We can use IP addresses to estimate your specific location if it’s necessary to protect the safety and security of you or others. Your and others' activity on our Products, like check-ins and events
Information you give us directly, like if you enter your current city on your profile, or provide your address in Marketplace

We use location-related information, such as your current location, where you live, the places you like to go and the businesses and people you're near, to do the things described in the "How do we use your information?" section of the Policy, like:

Provide, personalize and improve our Products, including ads, for you and others. Detect suspicious activity and help keep your account secure. To promote safety, security and integrity

We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products. Here are some ways we promote safety, security and integrity. We work to:

Verify accounts and activity
Find and address violations of our terms or policies.