We share the information we have about you to receive these services, which include:

Investigating suspicious activity
Detecting and stopping threats to our personnel and property
Facilitating payments
Providing customer support
Improving the functionality of our Products 
Providing technical infrastructure services
Analyzing how our Products are used 
Conducting research and surveys
Marketing and promoting our Products

Third parties

External researchers

We provide information to external researchers. They use it to conduct research that advances scholarship and innovation, and to promote safety, security and integrity. Research goals include supporting:

Our business or mission
Social good
Technological advancement
Safety and security on our Products
Public interest
Health and well-being 

When sharing information with external researchers, we ensure the privacy of our users is protected. Other third parties 

We also share information with other third parties in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm. And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows. How do the Meta Companies work together? Meta owns Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, Portal and the other Products covered by this policy
Meta also owns the Meta Companies, which include WhatsApp
Sometimes we share information within these Companies
We do this to make new features or shared experiences between different products. Then you can do things like use WhatsApp to chat on Portal. We also share information, like your name and email address, to help verify your accounts, and check out suspicious activities. This helps us keep your accounts safe. We are part of the Meta Companies that provide Meta Company Products. Meta Company Products include all the Meta Products covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp, Novi and more. We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies. We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a service provider for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms. Why we share across the Meta Companies

Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To personalize offers, ads and other sponsored or commercial content
To develop and provide features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products


How can you manage or delete your information and exercise your rights? You have rights to view and download the information we have about you
You can use the settings in this section to manage your privacy
You also can delete your account or specific account information, if you want to

We offer you a variety of tools to view, manage, download and delete your information below.