This includes attempts to buy, sell, or transfer any aspect of your account (including your username); solicit, collect, or use login credentials or badges of other users; or request or collect Instagram usernames, passwords, or misappropriate access tokens. You can't post someone else’s private or confidential information without permission or do anything that violates someone else's rights, including intellectual property rights (e.g., copyright infringement, trademark infringement, counterfeit, or pirated goods). You may use someone else's works under exceptions or limitations to copyright and related rights under applicable law. You represent you own or have obtained all necessary rights to the content you post or share. Learn more, including how to report content that you think infringes your intellectual property rights, (https://l.instagram.com/?u=http%3A%2F%2Fhelp.instagram.com%2F535503073130320%3Fref%3Digtos%26helpref%3Dfaq_content&e=AT0LXtoXz6IQwU3K-vaDNHzSX-EQKs_xfB9NSl7Fbzoe_0NTH1XikxhaZoJ3M4PtZ5vbOit8nUi-K1XuzAkvkeVIjtQvkG1rS12NfuhYP8ITV2T0-AqRxCu2dAdA51ViGdxNrQQXD7wSd7kQ_fMj55vB2_NX). You can’t modify, translate, create derivative works of, or reverse engineer our products or their components. You can't use a domain name or URL in your username without our prior written consent. Permissions You Give to Us. As part of our agreement, you also give us permissions that we need to provide the Service. We do not claim ownership of your content, but you grant us a license to use it. Nothing is changing about your rights in your content. We do not claim ownership of your content that you post on or through the Service and you are free to share your content with anyone else, wherever you want. However, we need certain legal permissions from you (known as a “license”) to provide the Service. When you share, post, or upload content that is covered by intellectual property rights (like photos or videos) on or in connection with our Service, you hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to host, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly perform or display, translate, and create derivative works of your content (consistent with your privacy and application settings). This license will end when your content is deleted from our systems. You can delete content individually or all at once by deleting your account. Permission to use your username, profile picture, and information about your relationships and actions with accounts, ads, and sponsored content. You give us permission to show your username, profile picture, and information about your actions (such as likes) or relationships (such as follows) next to or in connection with accounts, ads, offers, and other sponsored content that you follow or engage with that are displayed on Meta Products, without any compensation to you. For example, we may show that you liked a sponsored post created by a brand that has paid us to display its ads on Instagram. As with actions on other content and follows of other accounts, actions on sponsored content and follows of sponsored accounts can be seen only by people who have permission to see that content or follow. We will also respect your ad settings. You agree that we can download and install updates to the Service on your device.