Privacy Policy

What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover? This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and share your information. It also describes how long we keep your information and how we keep it safe when we transfer it. The Privacy Policy also lets you know your rights
This policy applies to what we call Meta Products, or Products. Our Products include Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and Portal. It also applies to Meta Quest if you log in with a Facebook or Meta account
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use  in the way that’s right for you. In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of the Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you. What information do we collect? In this policy we list the kinds of information we collect. Here are some important ones. We collect:

The information you give us when you sign up for our Products and create a profile, like your email address or phone number
What you do on our Products. This includes what you click on or like, your posts and photos and messages you send. If you use end-to-end encrypted messaging, we can't read those messages unless users report them to us for review. Who your friends or followers are, and what they do on our Products
Information from the phone, computer, or tablet you use our Products on, like what kind it is and what version of our app you’re using
Information from partners about things you do both on and off of our Products. This could include other websites you visit, apps you use or online games you play. Your activity and information you provide

On our products, you can send messages, take photos and videos, buy or sell things and much more. We call all of the things you can do on our Products "activity." We collect your activity across our Products and information you provide, such as:

Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features. Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to applicable law. We can't see the content of end-to-end encrypted messages unless users report them to us for review. Metadata about content and messages, subject to applicable law
Types of content, including ads, you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them. Purchases or other transactions you make, such as through Meta checkout experiences, including credit card information.