In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board. They may use information we have when they review our decisions. Investigate suspicious activity
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behaviour. Identify and combat disparities and racial bias against historically marginalized communities
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences
Detect when someone needs help and provide support
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property
Maintain the integrity of our Products

To provide measurement, analytics and business services

Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working. To provide measurement and analytics services, we use the information we collect about you across your accounts on our Products. Our measurement and analytics services help our partners understand things like:

How many people see and interact with their products, services or content, including posts, videos, Facebook Pages, listings, Shops and ads (including those shown through apps using Meta Audience Network)
How people interact with their content, websites, apps and services
What types of people (for example, we might tell an advertiser that their ad was seen by women aged 25–34 who live in Madrid and like software engineering) interact with their content or use their services
How people use our partners' products and services to connect to Meta Products, the performance of their connection and networks and users' experience with them



To communicate with you

We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile. We communicate with you in a few different ways. For example:

We send messages about the Products we know you use, using the email you register to your account
Depending on your settings, we send marketing communications about Products you might like
We ask you to participate in research based on things like how you use our Products
We let you know about our policies and terms of service
When you contact us with questions, we reply to your email
We facilitate customer support communications with you when you've told us, either directly or through a third party, that you have questions or concerns about our Products

We also use information about how you interact with our messages, like if you open an email from us. This helps us understand the best way to reach you and whether our communications are helpful. To research and innovate for social good

We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research. We research and innovate to help people around the world. Our goals include:

Contributing to social good and areas of public interest
Advancing technology
Improving safety, health and well-being

Here are some examples of our research:

We analyze information about where groups of people go during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.