Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific
In the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific that are relevant to your jurisdiction from which you access or use the services, and the rest of policy, the relevant jurisdictions’ Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific will supersede and control. Argentina
If you are using our services in Argentina, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this Policy, the following terms shall prevail. Your rights and options
According to Law No. 25,326, Regulatory Decree No. 1558/2001 and the provisions and/or binding resolutions issued by the Agency for Access to Public Information ("AAIP"), you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: access, rectification and deletion regarding data protection. You can exercise your rights by sending your request to https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy free of charge. We encourage you to contact us if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the AAIP. You can contact AAIP through the site: https://www.argentina.gob.ar/aaip/datospersonales/derechos. Australia
If you are using the Platform in Australia, the following additional terms shall apply. Certain entities in our corporate group, located outside of Australia, are given limited remote access to your information so that they can provide certain functions, as described in the section on "How we share your information". Please see here for further information on the countries in which our corporate group entities which receive personal information from Australia are located. Brazil
If you are using the Platform in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
Exercise of data protection rights. Brazilian law provides certain rights to individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the mentioned rights. We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD:
I. confirmation of whether your data are being processed;
II. access to your data;
III. correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data;
IV. anonymization, blocking or erasure of data;
V. portability of personal data to a third party;
VI. object to the processing of personal data;
VII. information of public and private entities with which we shared data;
VIII. information about the possibility to refuse providing personal data and the respective consequences, when applicable;
IX. withdrawal of your consent. X. request a review of decisions made solely based on automated processing of personal data affecting your interests, including decisions made to define your personal, professional, consumer or credit profile, or aspects of your personality.