We do not guarantee that our Services will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our Services. You should use your own virus protection software. h. Severability. If any court of law, having jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of these Terms is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the Terms without affecting the rest of the Terms, and the remaining provisions of the Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable. i. Questions? Contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback. Supplemental Terms – App Stores
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the following supplemental terms shall apply when accessing the Platform through specific devices:
Notice regarding Apple. These Terms between TikTok and you; Apple is not a party to these Terms. The license granted to you hereunder is limited to a personal, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to install the Platform on the Apple device(s) authorised by Apple that you own or control for personal, non-commercial use, subject to the Usage Rules set forth in Apple’s App Store Terms of Services. Apple is not responsible for the Platform or the content thereof and has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance or support services with respect to the Platform. In the event of any failure of the Platform to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Platform, if any, to you. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Platform. Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or a third party relating to the Platform or your possession or use of the Platform, including without limitation (a) product liability claims; (b) any claim that the Platform fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. In the event of any third party claim that the Platform or your possession and use of the Platform infringes such third party’s intellectual property rights, Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defence, settlement or discharge of such intellectual property infringement claim. You represent and warrant that (a) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (b) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms and upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third party beneficiary hereof. TikTok expressly authorises use of the Platform by multiple users through the Family Sharing or any similar functionality provided by Apple. Windows Phone Store.