In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail. Methods of processing your personal data. We may process your personal data by manual or automated methods. Data subject's rights and obligations. Subject to certain exceptions, you have statutory rights and obligations under applicable laws. In particular, you have the following statutory rights:
Right to know;
Right to consent and withdraw consent;
Right to access;
Right to delete data;
Right to restrict data processing;
Right to be provided with data;
Right to object data processing;
Right to complain, denounce or initiate lawsuits;
Right to claim for damages; and
Right to self-protection. You may exercise these rights by contacting us through the details in the Contact section, and we will respond to your requests regardless of the location in which your data is stored. You have the following statutory obligations:
Protect your own personal data;
Request other relevant organizations and individuals to protect your personal data;
Respect and protect personal data of others;
Provide complete and accurate personal data upon giving consent to the processing of your personal data; and
Other obligations under applicable laws. Age, Parental and Guardian Consent. If you are below 16 years old or under guardianship:
you must obtain approval from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s); and
your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are responsible for: (i) all your actions in connection with your access to and use of the Platform; (ii) your compliance with this policy; and (iii) ensuring that any of your participation in the Platform will not, in any event, result in any violation of applicable laws and regulations relating to child protections. If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) is not willing to open the account under their name, you must cease accessing the Platform if you are not at least 16 years of age. Other Jurisdictions
In jurisdictions where the national or official language is not English, the version of the TikTok Privacy Policy in your local language may set out additional terms specific to your jurisdiction. Please also refer to the version of this Privacy Policy in your local language for further information. Terms of Service
(If you are not in the US, EEA, the United Kingdom, Switzerland or India)
Last updated: February 2021


General Terms – All Users
1. Your Relationship With Us
Welcome to TikTok (the “Platform”), which is provided by TikTok Pte. Ltd. or one of its affiliates (“TikTok”, “we” or “us”). You are reading the terms of service (the “Terms”), which govern the relationship and serve as an agreement between you and us and set forth the terms and conditions by which you may access and use the Platform and our related websites, services, applications, products and content (collectively, the “Services”). Our Services are provided for private, non-commercial use.