By downloading the Platform from the Windows Phone Store (or its successors) operated by Microsoft, Inc. or its affiliates, you specifically acknowledge and agree that:
You may install and use one copy of the Platform on up to five (5) Windows Phone enabled devices that are affiliated with the Microsoft account you use to access the Windows Phone Store. Beyond that, we reserve the right to apply additional conditions or charge additional fees. You acknowledge that Microsoft Corporation, your phone manufacturer and network operator have no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Platform. Amazon Appstore. By downloading the Platform from the Amazon Appstore (or its successors) operated by Amazon Digital Services, Inc. or affiliates (“Amazon”), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:
to the extent of any conflict between (a) the Amazon Appstore Terms of Use or such other terms which Amazon designates as default end user license terms for the Amazon Appstore (“Amazon Appstore EULA Terms”), and (b) the other terms and conditions in these Terms, the Amazon Appstore EULA Terms shall apply with respect to your use of the Platform that you download from the Amazon Appstore, and
Amazon does not have any responsibility or liability related to compliance or non-compliance by TikTok or you (or any other user) under these Terms or the Amazon Appstore EULA Terms. Google Play. By downloading the Platform from Google Play (or its successors) operated by Google, Inc. or one of its affiliates (“Google”), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:
to the extent of any conflict between (a) the Google Play Terms of Services and the Google Play Business and Program Policies or such other terms which Google designates as default end user license terms for Google Play (all of which together are referred to as the “Google Play Terms”), and (b) the other terms and conditions in these Terms, the Google Play Terms shall apply with respect to your use of the Platform that you download from Google Play, and
you hereby acknowledge that Google does not have any responsibility or liability related to compliance or non-compliance by TikTok or you (or any other user) under these Terms or the Google Play Terms. Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific
Brazil. If you are using our Services in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail. Representation/assistance of parents and guardians.