To know more about the applicable requirements and procedure to exercise your rights, contact us to the mentioned email address. If you are under 18 years, you may exercise your rights through a parent or guardian. Your rights requests will be resolved as soon as possible according to the nature of your request. Information relating to children. You may review our parental consent section in the Terms of Service. Philippines
If you are using our services in the Philippines, the following additional terms shall apply pursuant to the relevant laws, rules and regulations and issuances by the Philippines National Privacy Commission (“NPC”) on data privacy. Your Rights. To the extent that the relevant laws, rules and regulations on data privacy recognize your rights and freedoms as data subjects, you shall have the right to information, object, access, rectification, erasure or blocking, lodge complaints before the NPC, damages and data portability. Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details. Russia
What are legal grounds for data processing. When we process your personal data, we rely on the grounds of your consent, performance of a contract, our legitimate interest and obligations to process personal data, or when we are so required by law. By signing up and using the Platform, you consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Where we store your personal data. Your personal data may be transferred from Russia to Singapore and stored in that location, outside of the country where you live. Public profiles. We rely on your consent to public distribution of personal data, when your account settings are 'Public Profile'. You can change your profile to private by changing your settings to 'Private Account' in “Manage my account” settings. South Africa
If you are using our services in South Africa, the following additional terms apply. You declare that you are over the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 13 and that you have read and acknowledged TikTok's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account. South Korea
If you are using our services in South Korea, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail. How we share your personal data.