We may receive information about you from others, including where you are included or mentioned in User Content, direct messages, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted to us, or if your contact information is provided to us. We may collect information about you from other publicly available sources. We may receive information from merchants and payment and transaction fulfillment providers about you, such as payment confirmation details, and information about the delivery of products you have purchased through our shopping features. How we use your information
As explained below, we use your information to improve, support and administer the Platform, to allow you to use its functionalities, and to fulfill and enforce our Terms of Service. We may also use your information to, among other things, personalise content you see on the Platform, promote the Platform, and customize your ad experience. We generally use the information we collect in the following ways:
To fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback. To provide our shopping features and facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, including sharing your information with merchants, payment and transaction fulfillment providers, and other service providers in order to process your orders. To personalise the content you see when you use the Platform. For example, we may provide you with services based on the country settings you have chosen or show you content that is similar to content that you have liked or interacted with. To send promotional materials, including by instant messaging or email, from us or on behalf of our affiliates and trusted third parties. To improve and develop our Platform and conduct product development. To measure and understand the effectiveness of the advertisements and other content we serve to you and others, and to deliver advertising, including targeted advertising, to you on the Platform. To support the social functions of the Platform, including to permit you and others to connect with each other (for example, through our Find Friends function) and to share whether you are active on the Platform (and other information which you choose to share) with your friends, to provide our messaging service if you choose to use this function, to suggest accounts to you and others, and for you and others to share, download, and otherwise interact with User Content posted through the Platform. To enable you to participate in the virtual items program. To allow you to participate in interactive features of the Platform, such as enabling your content to be used in other users’ videos. To use User Content as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform, to invite you to participate in an event, and to promote popular topics, hashtags and campaigns on the Platform. To understand how you use the Platform, including across your devices.