We may collect information about the videos, images and audio that are a part of your User Content, such as identifying the objects and scenery that appear, the existence and location within an image of face and body features and attributes, the nature of the audio, and the text of the words spoken in your User Content. We may collect this information to enable special video effects, for content moderation, for demographic classification, for content and ad recommendations, and for other non-personally-identifying operations. Cookies. We and our service providers and business partners use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies, etc.) (“Cookies”) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze how you use the Platform, including which pages you view most often and how you interact with content, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve the Platform, provide you with advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and other content. We and our partners also use Cookies to promote the Platform on other platforms and websites. Cookies enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. To learn how to disable certain Cookies, see the “Your rights and choices” section below. Information From Other Sources
We may receive the information described in this Privacy Policy from other sources, such as:
If you choose to register or use the Platform using a third-party social network account details (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google) or login service, you will provide us or allow to provide us with your username, public profile, and other possible information related to such account. We will likewise share certain information with your social network such as your app ID, access token and the referring URL. If you link your TikTok account to another service, we may receive information about your use of that service. Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their websites or apps by integrating our TikTok Advertiser Tools (such as TikTok Pixel). We may obtain information about you from certain affiliated entities within our corporate group, including about your activities on their platforms.