We encourage you to contact us if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Brazilian Data Protection Authority (ANPD). Verifying your identity: For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request. Limitations to your rights: In certain situations, we may have legitimate reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose not to disclose certain information to you when a disclosure could adversely impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation to our trade secrets or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises. Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request. Contact: In case of doubt about your privacy, your rights or how to exercise them, please contact us through the form "Contact". If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, we would like to clarify them. DPO: If you wish to reach the TikTok’s Data Protection Officer, contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/DPO
Access Logs. We keep your application access logs, under confidentiality, in a controlled and safe environment for at least 6 months, in order to comply with legal obligations. Language. The Policy may have been prepared in the English language and in the Portuguese language. If you are a user located in Brazil, you shall refer to the Portuguese version, which shall prevail. International Transfers. International data transfers are necessary for us to provide our services. If you are located in Brazil, we will always rely on one of the international data transfer mechanisms under applicable data protection laws and regulations. Canada
If you are using the Platform in Canada, the following additional terms apply. Information Relating to Children and Teens. Please note that if you are a resident of the Province of Quebec, you are only permitted to use the Platform if you are at least 14 years old. Your Rights.