Where we store your information
Your information may be stored on servers located outside the country where you live, such as in Singapore, Malaysia, Ireland and the United States. We maintain major servers around the world to bring you our services globally and continuously. Your rights and choices
You have rights and choices when it comes to your information. You may be afforded certain rights under applicable laws, which may include the right to access, delete, update, or rectify your data, to be informed of the processing of your data, to file complaints with authorities, and potentially other rights. You may submit a request to exercise your rights under applicable laws at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy. You may appeal any decision we have made about your request by following the instructions in the communication you receive from us notifying you of our decision. Please also see the Supplemental Terms below on whether a local representative or local contact is available for your country. You can access and edit most of your profile information by signing into TikTok. You can delete the User Content you uploaded. We also provide a number of tools in Settings that allow you to control, among others, who can view your videos, send you messages, or post comments to your videos. Should you choose to do so, you may delete your entire account in Settings. You may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your device browser settings. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to differences in how browsers and mobile apps function, you may need to take different steps to opt out of Cookies used for targeted advertising in a browser and to opt out of targeted advertising for a mobile application, which you may control through your device settings or mobile app permissions. In addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out separately for each of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you. The security of your information
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will use reasonable measures to protect your personal data, for example, by encryption, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted via the Platform; any transmission is at your own risk. We have appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of you and other users.