(i) if you are over 16 but under 18, you can only use and register an account upon the assistance of your parent or legal guardian and represents and warrants that you have obtained assistance in using the Services and agreeing to these Terms; (ii) if you have more than 13 years but less than 16 years, you can only use and register an account with the representation of your parents or legal guardians and must obtain agreement from your parents or legal guardians for your use of the Services and acceptance of these Terms. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction. These Terms, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by Brazilian law. You and we both agree that the courts of Brazil will have exclusive jurisdiction. India. If you are using our Services in India, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail. Accepting the Terms. By agreeing to these Terms and by accessing or using our Services, you acknowledge that you have read and understood these Terms and provide your consent to be bound by these Terms and our Privacy Policy and Community Guidelines. Your access to and use of our Services. You may not use the Services to upload, transmit, distribute, store or otherwise make available in any way (including for the purposes of creating and/or streaming content) any User Content that:
is obscene, pornographic, paedophilic;
is relating to or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise any activity that is unlawful in any manner whatsoever;
harms minors in any way;
deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature; or
threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognisable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting any other nation. User–Generated Content. You hereby irrevocably waive any right to raise any objection or other claim before any authority including any copyright board in relation to the rights granted and licensed to us under these Terms, including any right under the provisions of section 30A of the (Indian) Copyright Act, 1957 or other applicable law. The above waiver is granted by you in favour of TikTok and all of its group companies, affiliates and successors in title and interest, whether existing or in future. Indemnity. In the event you are required to indemnify us pursuant to these Terms or any order or ruling of a court of law, you will obtain all necessary approvals and consents from regulatory authorities for the remittance of such amount to us. Indonesia. If you are using our Services in Indonesia, the following additional terms apply.