Subject to limited exceptions under applicable law, you have the right to access, update, rectify and correct inaccuracies in your personal information and to withdraw your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. To exercise these rights, you may contact us using the contact information set out below. We may require certain personal information for the purpose of verifying the identity of the individual making the request or that they are authorized to act on behalf of another individual in such matters. Your Choices. You can unsubscribe from our marketing emails at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of each email we send. You can also adjust your preferences regarding certain types of personalized advertising by using the Ads tools in Settings. For more information about managing your account and privacy settings, please visit our Account and Privacy Settings page at https://support.tiktok.com/en/account-and-privacy. Internal Policies and Access Controls. We implement and maintain internal policies and technical measures to restrict access to your personal information within our organization. Access to personal information within our organization is limited to employees who need the information to perform their job functions. For example, our customer support team may have access to certain types of information during our interactions with you, such as responding to complaints and inquiries. Similarly, our content moderators may access certain information in order to enforce our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, and other conditions and policies. Data Retention Practices. We have procedures in place to limit the retention periods as set out in the “How Long We Keep Your Information” section above. When personal information is no longer needed for these purposes or is no longer required to be retained by law, we take appropriate steps to dispose of it securely in accordance with our internal procedures. Transfer Outside Your Jurisdiction. We and our service providers (including members, subsidiaries, or affiliates of our corporate group) may access, store and otherwise process personal information outside of Canada (and, for residents of Quebec, outside of Quebec), including in the United States, Malaysia, Ireland, Singapore, and other foreign jurisdictions where we or our service providers are located. For information about how we or our service providers (including service providers outside Canada) process personal information, please contact us using the contact information set out below. We and our service providers may disclose your personal information if we are required or permitted by applicable law or legal process, which may include lawful access by foreign courts, law enforcement or other government authorities in the jurisdictions in which we or our service providers operate. Contact. If you are a resident of Canada, you can contact our Privacy Office at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/Privacy-Office-Canada
Egypt
If you are using our services in Egypt, the following additional terms apply. You declare that you are over the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you.