Our automated systems analyze your content to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection. This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received, and when it is stored. 6. Intellectual Property Rights
We respect intellectual property rights and ask you to do the same. As a condition of your access to and use of the Services, you agree not to use the Services to infringe on any intellectual property rights. We reserve the right, with or without notice, at any time and in our sole discretion to block access to and/or terminate the accounts of any user who infringes or is alleged to infringe any copyrights or other intellectual property rights. 7. Content
A. TikTok Content
As between you and TikTok, all content, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, videos, music on and “look and feel” of the Services, and all intellectual property rights related thereto (the “TikTok Content”), are either owned or licensed by TikTok, it being understood that you or your licensors will own any User Content (as defined below) you upload or transmit through the Services. Use of the TikTok Content or materials on the Services for any purpose not expressly permitted by these Terms is strictly prohibited. Such content may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed or otherwise exploited for any purpose whatsoever without our or, where applicable, our licensors’ prior written consent. We and our licensors reserve all rights not expressly granted in and to their content. You acknowledge and agree that we may generate revenues, increase goodwill or otherwise increase our value from your use of the Services, including, by way of example and not limitation, through the sale of advertising, sponsorships, promotions, usage data and Gifts (as defined and further explained in the “Virtual Items Policy”), and except as specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you will have no right to share in any such revenue, goodwill or value whatsoever. You further acknowledge that, except as specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you (i) have no right to receive any income or other consideration from any User Content (defined below) or your use of any musical works, sound recordings or audiovisual clips made available to you on or through the Services, including in any User Content created by you, and (ii) are prohibited from exercising any rights to monetize or obtain consideration from any User Content within the Services or on any third party service (e.g., you cannot claim User Content that has been uploaded to a social media platform such as YouTube for monetization).