To the extent any moral rights are not transferable or assignable, you hereby waive and agree never to assert any and all moral rights, or to support, maintain or permit any action based on any moral rights that you may have in or with respect to any User Content you Post to or through the Services. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any User Content posted or uploaded by you to our Services constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy. We, or authorised third parties, reserve the right to cut, crop, edit or refuse to publish, your content at our or their sole discretion. We have the right to remove, disallow, block or delete any posting you make on our Services if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out at “Your Access to and Use of Our Services” above. In addition, we have the right – but not the obligation – in our sole discretion to remove, disallow, block or delete any User Content (i) that we consider to violate these Terms, or (ii) in response to complaints from other users or third parties, with or without notice and without any liability to you. As a result, we recommend that you save copies of any User Content that you post to the Services on your personal device(s) in the event that you want to ensure that you have permanent access to copies of such User Content. We do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, appropriateness or quality of any User Content, and under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any User Content. You control whether your User Content is made publicly available on the Services to all other users of the Services or only available to people you approve. To restrict access to your User Content, you should select the privacy setting available within the Platform. We accept no liability in respect of any content submitted by users and published by us or by authorised third parties. If you find inappropriate content that violates our Community Guidelines or have any other issues you'd like to raise, you can send us a report. TikTok takes reasonable measures to expeditiously remove from our Services any infringing material that we become aware of. It is TikTok’s policy, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, to disable or terminate the accounts of users of the Services who repeatedly infringe copyrights or intellectual property rights of others. While our own staff is continually working to develop and evaluate our own product ideas and features, we pride ourselves on paying close attention to the interests, feedback, comments, and suggestions we receive from the user community.