To infer additional information about you, such as your age range, gender, and interests. To help us detect and combat abuse, harmful activity, fraud, spam, and illegal activity on the Platform. To ensure content is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device. To promote the safety, security of the Platform, including by scanning, analyzing, and reviewing User Content, messages and associated metadata for violations of our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions and policies. To facilitate research conducted by independent researchers that meets certain criteria. To verify your identity or age. To communicate with you, including to notify you about changes in our services. To announce you as a winner of our contests or promotions if permitted by the promotion rule, and to send you any applicable prizes. To enforce our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, and other conditions and policies. Consistent with your permissions, to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising and other personalized content. To train and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms. To facilitate and fulfill sales, promotion, and purchases of goods and services and to provide user support. How we share your information
We share your information with the following parties:
Business Partners
If you choose to register to use the Platform using your social network account details (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google), you will provide us or allow your social network to provide us with your phone number, email address, username and public profile. We will likewise share certain information with the relevant social network such as your app ID, access token and the referring URL. If you choose to allow a third-party service to access your account, we will share certain information about you with the third party. Depending on the permissions you grant, the third party may be able to obtain your account information and other information you choose to provide. Where you opt to share content on social media platforms, the video, username and accompanying text will be shared on that platform or, in the case of sharing via instant messaging platforms such as Whatsapp, a link to the content will be shared. Service Providers
We provide information and content to service providers who support our business, such as cloud service providers and providers of content moderation services to ensure that the Platform is a safe and enjoyable place and service providers that assist us in marketing the Platform. Payment processors and transaction fulfillment providers: If you choose to buy Coins or conduct other payment related transactions, we will share data with the relevant payment provider to facilitate this transaction. For Coin transactions, we share a transaction ID to enable us to identify you and credit your account with the correct value in coins once you have made the payment. Analytics providers: We use analytics providers to help us in the optimisation and improvement of the Platform. Our third-party analytics providers also help us serve targeted advertisements.