For purposes of these Terms, “you” and “your” means you as the user of the Services. The Terms form a legally binding agreement between you and us. Please take the time to read them carefully. 2. Accepting the Terms
By accessing or using our Services, you confirm that you can form a binding contract with TikTok, that you accept these Terms and that you agree to comply with them. Your access to and use of our Services is also subject to our Privacy Policy and Community Guidelines, the terms of which can be found directly on the Platform, or where the Platform is made available for download, on your mobile device’s applicable app store, and are incorporated herein by reference. By using the Services, you consent to the terms of the Privacy Policy. If you access or use the Services from within a jurisdiction for which there are separate supplemental terms, you also hereby agree to the supplemental terms applicable to users in each jurisdiction as outlined below, and in the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific that are relevant to your jurisdiction from which you access or use the Services, and the rest of these Terms, the relevant jurisdictions’ Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific will supersede and control. If you do not agree to these Terms, you must not access or use our Services. If you are accessing or using the Services on behalf of a business or entity, then (a) “you” and “your” includes you and that business or entity, (b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the business or entity with the authority to bind the entity to these Terms, and that you agree to these Terms on the entity’s behalf, and (c) your business or entity is legally and financially responsible for your access or use of the Services as well as for the access or use of your account by others affiliated with your entity, including any employees, agents or contractors. You can accept the Terms by accessing or using our Services. You understand and agree that we will treat your access or use of the Services as acceptance of the Terms from that point onwards. You should print off or save a local copy of the Terms for your records. 3. Changes to the Terms
We amend these Terms from time to time, for instance when we update the functionality of our Services, when we combine multiple apps or services operated by us or our affiliates into a single combined service or app, or when there are regulatory changes. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to generally notify all users of any material changes to these Terms, such as through a notice on our Platform, however, you should look at the Terms regularly to check for such changes. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms, which reflect the effective date of such Terms.