Where we do not need your information in order to provide the service to you, we retain it only for so long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such data. However, there are occasions where we are likely to keep this data for five (5) years (or longer if required) in accordance with our legal obligations or where it is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. After you have terminated your use of our Platform and the five (5) years retention period has lapsed, we store your information in an aggregated and anonymised format. Non-personally identifiable information may be retained indefinitely for analytics. Israel
If you are using our services in Israel, the following additional terms apply. You declare that you are over the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 13 and that you have read and acknowledged TikTok's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account. Japan
If you are using our services in Japan, please refer to our Japanese language Privacy Policy for further information on our compliance with the Telecommunications Business Act. Mexico
If you are using our services in Mexico, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail. How we use your personal data. Almost all purposes of processing stated in this section of the main Privacy Policy are necessary purposes. However, the following are secondary purposes:
Provide you with personalized advertising. The above purposes are not necessary for us to provide the Platform but allows us to provide you with a better experience. We offer you the possibility to take decisions regarding how we use and disclose your personal data. You can always limit the secondary purposes of personalised advertising by using the tools in Settings that allow you to limit certain functions. We use both human and automated means to process your data. How we share your personal data. We may share your personal data to a third party for purposes other than processing on behalf of us. We will obtain your consent for such sharing as required by applicable laws. By providing us with your personal data and using our Platform you agree to the transfers that require your consent. You can always revoke your consent and exercise your rights, as stated below. Your Rights. You have the following rights with respect to your personal data: access, rectification, cancellation, opposition, consent withdrawal, limitation to the use and disclosure of your data. You can exercise your rights by sending your request to https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy.