You may exercise your rights listed above by contacting us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy. The requests found in your application will be resolved as soon as possible according to the nature of your request and within thirty days at the latest free of charge. However, if your request incurs additional cost to our company, then you may be charged over the tariff fee determined by the Turkish Personal Data Protection Board. Cookies. Please refer to our Turkish Privacy Policy for further information on our use of cookies on our website. Amendments. The following sections of the Policy do not apply to individuals in Turkiye:
The following sentence at the end of the second paragraph of the introduction section: If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use this Platform. Language. This policy is available in English and Turkish. If there is any inconsistency or different interpretation between the English and Turkish versions, the Turkish text shall prevail. United Arab Emirates
If you are using the Platform in the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”), the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
How we share your personal data
In addition to the main text of this policy, by using the Platform in the UAE you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to our sharing of your personal data in line with the main text of this Privacy Policy. Governing law and dispute resolution
By using our Platform in the UAE, this Privacy Policy will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the UAE. In the event of a dispute arising between the parties in connection with this Privacy Policy:
where the dispute relates to a claim for a sum within the limits specified by the DIFC Small Claims Tribunal from time to time, then the dispute shall be referred by either party to the said Tribunal; and
for all other disputes, the parties shall seek settlement of that dispute by mediation in accordance with the Mediation Rules of the DIFC-LCIA Arbitration Centre, which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference to this clause. If the dispute is not settled by mediation within 30 days of the commencement of the mediation, or such further period as the parties shall agree in writing, the dispute shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the Arbitration Rules of the DIFC-LCIA Arbitration Centre, which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference to this clause. The language to be used in the mediation and in the arbitration, shall be English. In any arbitration commenced pursuant to this clause the number of arbitrators shall be one and the arbitration shall be conducted in Dubai. Vietnam
If you are using our services in Vietnam, the following additional terms apply.