Privacy Policy

Last updated: January 2, 2024
Welcome to TikTok. This Privacy Policy applies to TikTok services (the “Platform”), which include TikTok apps, websites, software and related services accessed via any platform or device that link to this Privacy Policy. The Platform is provided and controlled by TikTok Pte. Ltd., with its registered address at 1 Raffles Quay, #26-10, South Tower, Singapore 048583 (“TikTok”, “we” or “us”). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal information of users, and other individuals in connection with our Platform. If you do not agree with this policy, you should not use the Platform. What information we collect
We may collect the following information about you:
Information You Provide
Your profile information. You give us information when you register on the Platform, including your username, password, date of birth (where applicable), email address and/or telephone number, information you disclose in your user profile, and your photograph or profile video. User content. We process the content you generate on the Platform, including photographs, audios and videos you upload or create, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and livestreams you make, and the associated metadata, such as when, where, and by whom the content was created (“User Content”). Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in User Content created or published by users on the Platform. We collect User Content through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that User Content, in order to recommend audio options and provide other personalized recommendations. If you apply an effect to your User Content, we may collect a version of your User Content that does not include the effect. Messages. We collect information you provide when you compose, send, or receive messages through the Platform’s messaging functionalities. They include messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when communicating with merchants who sell goods to you, and your use of virtual assistants when purchasing items through the Platform. That information includes the content of the message and information about the message, such as when it was sent, received, or read, and message participants. Please be aware that messages you choose to send to other users of the Platform will be accessible by those users and that we are not responsible for the manner in which those users use or share the messages. We may access content, including text, images, and video, found in your device’s clipboard, with your permission. For example, if you choose to initiate content sharing with a third-party platform, or choose to paste content from the clipboard into the Platform, we access this information stored in your clipboard in order to fulfill your request. Purchase information.