Bae, Kim and Lee LLC
Representative: Yangho Oh
Address: Tower B, Centropolis, 26 Ujeongguk-ro
Jongno-gu, Seoul 03161, Korea
Phone: +82-2-3404-0108
Email: privacytiktok@bkl.co.kr
Local representative pursuant to the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection, Etc. Bae, Kim and Lee LLC
Representative: Yangho Oh
Address: Tower B, Centropolis, 26 Ujeongguk-ro
Jongno-gu, Seoul 03161, Korea
Phone: +82-2-3404-0108
Email: tiktok.kr.itnetwork@bkl.co.kr
Türkiye
If you are using our services in Turkiye, the following additional terms apply along with the contents of the foregoing Policy. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail. Data Controller Representative. You may contact our data controller representative in Turkiye by email or mail to handle questions and complaints in connection with the processing of your personal data if you are in Turkiye. ESİN ATTORNEY PARTNERSHIP
tiktok@esin.av.tr*
AKAT MAHALLESİ GÜL SOKAK NO: 2/1 34335 BEŞİKTAŞ/İSTANBUL, TÜRKİYE
*This e-mail address is only a communication channel for your requests and/or complaints relating to the processing of your personal information within the scope of this Privacy Policy and the Law on Protection of Personal Data No. 6698. If you want to reach out to us for account management issues such as failure to access to your account, password issues, impersonations or if you want to report content, a comment(s), a message(s), a LIVE video(s) or any other feature in TikTok, you can always contact us via https://support.tiktok.com/en/safety-hc/report-a-problem. Methods of collection, processing purposes of, and legal bases for, processing your personal data. Please refer to our Privacy Policy (in Turkish) and its Addendum, for detailed information about personal data categories we process, our processing purposes and related legal bases for processing. Your rights. According to Article 11 of the Data Protection Law, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
the right to learn whether we process your personal data,
the right to request information with regard to such processing, if we process your personal data,
the right to learn the purposes of the processing and whether they are used for such purpose or not;
the right to know the third parties within or outside the country, to whom we transfer your personal data,
the right to request correction of incomplete or inaccurate personal data,
the right to request deletion or destruction of your personal data under the conditions set forth in Article 7 of the Data Protection Law,
the right to request that we notify the third parties, to whom we transferred your personal data, about the correction, deletion and/or destruction of your personal data per your request within the scope of the foregoing two items,
the right to object to the negative results about you that are due to the analysis of your personal data processed solely by automated means,
the right to claim indemnification for damages incurred due to illegal processing of your personal data.