In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail. Accepting the Terms. By participating in the Services, you represent that you are at least 21 years of age or married or not under guardianship. If you are below 21 years old and you are not married, your account must be opened under the name of your parent(s) or guardian(s). Further, you represent and warrant that you have obtained consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) unless you indicate otherwise. By consenting, your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are agreeing to take responsibility for: (i) all your actions in connection with your access to the Services; (ii) any fees or charges associated with your use of any of the Services (as applicable); (iii) your compliance with this Terms; and (iv) ensuring that any of your participation in Services will not, in any event, result in any violation of applicable laws and regulations relating to child protections. If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your parent(s) or guardian(s) is not willing to open the account under their name, you must cease accessing the Services.”
Limitation of Liabilities. No limitation of liabilities set out in Section 10 (Limitation of Liability) above shall not be applicable to the extent any loss or damage is incurred by you as a result of our willful misconduct or negligence. Age Limit. The Services are only for people 14 years old and over in Indonesia. Language. These Terms has been prepared in the English language and Indonesian language. In the event of any inconsistency or different interpretation between the English text and Indonesian text, the English text shall prevail and the relevant Indonesian text shall be deemed to be automatically amended to conform with and to make the relevant Indonesian text consistent with the relevant English text. Each party acknowledges that it has read these Terms and understands its content and that these Terms have been entered into freely and without duress. You acknowledge that you fully understand the language and the content of these Terms, and you agree that you will not use the provisions under Law of the Republic of Indonesia No. 24 of 2009 on Flag, Language, State Emblem and National Anthem or any of its implementing regulations to invalidate these Terms. United Arab Emirates. If you are using our Services in the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”), the following additional terms shall apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail. Accepting the Terms: By agreeing to these Terms and accessing or using our Services, you acknowledge that you have read and understood these Terms, the additional terms herein and provide your consent to be bound by these Terms, the Privacy Policy, the Community Guidelines and all other policies or agreements referred to herein. Mexico.