Advertisers, Advertising Networks and Measurement Partners
We share information with advertisers and third-party measurement companies to show how many and which users of the Platform have viewed or clicked on an advertisement. If you use the TikTok Lite version of TikTok, we share information with advertising networks to display personalised advertisements to you on the TikTok Lite app and elsewhere online. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Independent Researchers
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria. Our Corporate Group
We may also share your information with other members, subsidiaries, or affiliates of our corporate group, including to provide the Platform, to improve and optimise the Platform, to prevent illegal use and to support users. For Legal Reasons
We will share your information with law enforcement agencies, public authorities or other organisations if legally required to do so, or if such use is reasonably necessary to:
comply with legal obligation, process or request;
enforce our Terms of Service and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or
protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction). Public Profiles
Please note that if your profile is public, your content will be visible to anyone on the Platform and may also be accessed or shared by your friends and followers as well as third parties such as search engines, content aggregators and news sites. You can change who can see a video each time you upload a video. Alternatively, you can change your profile to default private by changing your settings to 'Private Account' in “Manage my account” settings. Sale, Merger or Other Business Transactions
We may also disclose your information to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets (whether a result of liquidation, bankruptcy or otherwise), in which case we will disclose your data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
if we sell, buy, merge, are acquired by, or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our assets. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. Merchants, Payment and Transaction Fulfillment Providers, and Other Service Providers
When you make a purchase through our shopping features, we share the information related to the transaction with the merchant, payment and transaction fulfillment providers, and other service providers. For example, we will share the order items, contact details and delivery information so your order can be processed. These entities may use the information shared in accordance with their privacy policies.