Whenever you access or use a feature that allows you to upload or transmit User Content through the Services (including via certain third party social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter), or to make contact with other users of the Services, you must comply with the standards set out at “Your Access to and Use of Our Services” above. You may also choose to upload or transmit your User Content, including User Content that includes TikTok Elements, on sites or platforms hosted by third parties. If you decide to do this, you must comply with their content guidelines as well as with the standards set out at “Your Access to and Use of Our Services” above. You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty. Any User Content will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You must not post any User Content on or through the Services or transmit to us any User Content that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. When you submit User Content through the Services, you agree and represent that you own that User Content, or you have received all necessary permissions, clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the content to submit it to the Services, to transmit it from the Services to other third party platforms, and/or adopt any third party content. If you only own the rights in and to a sound recording, but not to the underlying musical works embodied in such sound recordings, then you must not post such sound recordings to the Services unless you have all permissions, clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the content to submit it to the Services
You or the owner of your User Content still own the copyright in User Content sent to us, but by submitting User Content via the Services, you hereby grant us an unconditional irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully transferable, perpetual worldwide licence to use, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of, publish and/or transmit, and/or distribute and to authorise other users of the Services and other third-parties to view, access, use, download, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of, publish and/or transmit your User Content in any format and on any platform, either now known or hereinafter invented. You further grant us a royalty-free license to use your user name, image, voice, and likeness to identify you as the source of any of your User Content.