In addition to the main text of this policy, in the event we use information such as user-generated content and video content on our Platform as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform, your personal data contained in such information may be disclosed to the recipients of such advertising or marketing content. Customized Ads. We may from time to time provide customized ads on our Platform to provide you our Platform for free. Data retention. We destroy personal data whose purpose of collection as consented to by you have been achieved, or whose periods of and use to which you consented to or which were provided in this privacy policy have expired; provided, however, we will continue to store your personal data for the following statutorily-prescribed periods, where applicable, including, but not limited to:Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce. Records on your cancellation of an order, your payment on a purchased item, and our supply of a good/service: 5 years; Records on the handling of consumer complaints or disputes: 3 years; Records on advertisements and labels: 6 months.Protection of Communications Secrets Act. Records on your visits to our website: 3 months
Destruction of Personal data. We destroy your personal data in a manner that renders it unrestorable by the relevant department. Data rights. You have the right to access personal data we hold about you, to rectify any personal data held about you that is inaccurate, to request the deletion of personal data held about you, and the right to request the suspension of the processing of your personal data. You can exercise your rights by contacting us at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy. Data Security. We work hard to protect TikTok and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. To this end, we have in place technical, managerial and physical safeguards, including internal policy for data protection, limiting the access to personal data on a need-to-know basis and controlling access to the facilities where personal data is processed. Information Relating to Children. TikTok is not directed at children under the age of 14. Entrustment and/or Overseas Transfer of Personal Data. We entrust your data to our affiliates, cloud storage providers and IT service providers, some of whom are located abroad (See the Korean language Privacy Policy), subject to your consents or notifications to you, if applicable. Where appropriate, we ensure that such entities which receive and process your data are subject to contractual obligations to store and use personal data in compliance with applicable domestic and international regulations and take appropriate physical and technical measures to protect personal data. You may opt-out of such transfer so long as the transfer is not necessary to provide you with the Service, by contacting us here. Local representative pursuant to the Personal Information Protection Act. Please send your inquiries concerning privacy issues in South Korea to our local representative pursuant to the Personal Information Protection Act. Contact details are as follows.