We maintain these technical and organizational measures and will amend them from time to time to improve the overall security of our systems. We will, from time to time, include links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any information to these websites. How long we keep your information
We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defence of legal claims. The retention periods are different depending on different criteria, such as the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information such as your profile information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. If you violate our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions or policies, we may remove your profile and User Content from public view immediately, but may keep other information about you to process the violation. Information relating to children and teens
TikTok is not directed at children under the age of 13. In certain cases this age may be higher due to local regulatory requirements, please see your local supplemental terms for more information. If you believe that there is a user who is below this minimum age, please contact us at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy. If you are a parent or guardian, our Guardian's Guide contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you can use. Privacy Policy update
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy and posting the new Privacy Policy or providing any other notice required by applicable law. Your continued access to or use of the Platform after the date of the updated policy constitutes your acceptance of the updated policy. If you do not agree to the updated policy, you must stop accessing or using the Platform. Contact
If you have questions, comments, complaints or requests regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
Please also see the supplemental terms below on whether a local representative or local contact is available for your country. We will endeavour to deal with your request as soon as possible. This is without prejudice to your right to make a complaint with a relevant data protection authority, where applicable.