If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 13 and that you have read and acknowledged TikTok's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account. India
If you are using our services in India, the Platform is provided and controlled by ByteDance (India) Technology Private Limited. TikTok is our brand for providing and promoting the services. When using these services from India, please accordingly read “TikTok”, “we” or “us” in this policy to refer to Bytedance (India) Technology India Private Limited. Indonesia
If you are using our services in Indonesia, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall apply. Age, Parental and Guardian Consent. By accessing and/or using this Platform, you represent that you are at least 21 years of age or married or not under guardianship. If you are below 21 years old and you are not married, or under guardianship:
you must obtain approval from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s); and
your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are responsible for: (i) all your actions in connection with your access to and use of the Platform; (ii) your compliance with this policy; and (iii) ensuring that any of your participation in the Platform will not, in any event, result in any violation of applicable laws and regulations relating to child protections. If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your parent(s) or guardian(s) is not willing to open the account under their name, you must cease accessing the Platform. Your Choices. You may withdraw your consent to TikTok's disclosure of personal data to third parties. Upon your request, we will cease to display, publish, transmit, disseminate, and/or open the access to your personal data to third parties. Please note that by withdrawing your consent to the disclosure and/or collection of your personal data, we may not be able to fulfill your requests and you may not be able to use some of TikTok features and functionality. You may request TikTok to (i) disclose the history of personal data that we have collected; and/or (ii) erase and dispose of your personal data that we have collected on our server. Please note that by requesting us to erase and dispose of your personal data, you may not be able to use some of TikTok’s features and functionality. To exercise any of your rights, contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy. Notification. In the event of any breach of personal data, we will notify you and provide you with information regarding such breach of personal data. Data retention. We retain your information for as long as it is necessary to provide you with the service.