Subject to the terms and conditions of the Terms, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, worldwide license to access and use the Services, including to download the Platform on a permitted device, and to access the TikTok Content solely for your personal, non-commercial use through your use of the Services and solely in compliance with these Terms. TikTok reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Services and the TikTok Content. You acknowledge and agree that TikTok may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason. NO RIGHTS ARE LICENSED WITH RESPECT TO SOUND RECORDINGS AND THE MUSICAL WORKS EMBODIED THEREIN THAT ARE MADE AVAILABLE FROM OR THROUGH THE SERVICE. You acknowledge and agree that when you view content provided by others on the Services, you are doing so at your own risk. The content on our Services is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our Services. We make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that any TikTok Content (including User Content) is accurate, complete or up to date. Where our Services contain links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. You acknowledge that we have no obligation to pre-screen, monitor, review, or edit any content posted by you and other users on the Services (including User Content). B. User-Generated Content
Users of the Services may be permitted to upload, post or transmit (such as via a stream) or otherwise make available content through the Services including, without limitation, any text, photographs, user videos, sound recordings and the musical works embodied therein, including videos that incorporate locally stored sound recordings from your personal music library and ambient noise (“User Content”). Users of the Services may also extract all or any portion of User Content created by another user to produce additional User Content, including collaborative User Content with other users, that combine and intersperse User Content generated by more than one user. Users of the Services may also overlay music, graphics, stickers, Virtual Items (as defined and further explained in the “Virtual Items Policy“) and other elements provided by TikTok (“TikTok Elements”) onto this User Content and transmit this User Content through the Services. The information and materials in the User Content, including User Content that includes TikTok Elements, have not been verified or approved by us. The views expressed by other users on the Services (including through use of the virtual gifts) do not represent our views or values.