premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you. Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “Company Page” administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products. 1.8 Sites and Services of Others We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or some of our plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account. We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies. 1.9 Other We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data. Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy. Key Terms 2. How We Use Your Data We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services. How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your settings. We use the data that we have about you to provide and personalize our Services, including with the help of automated systems and inferences we make, so that our Services (including ads) can be more relevant and useful to you and others. 2.1 Services Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive. We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings. Stay Connected Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their settings, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities. We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for