For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. Depending on where you live and your settings, we may also disclose this information at an individual level. For example, we would let an advertiser know that a particular Pin has been saved by certain people. To find out more about reporting on ads please visit the Help Center . Some of these activities may be considered “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You can opt out of Pinterest using and disclosing your information for these purposes. To do so, visit your Privacy and Data Settings . When we use cookies to learn about your behavior on or off of our services, we or our partners will obtain consent that we may need under applicable law. To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our Cookie Policy . Additional Info for EEA, Swiss and UK Data Subjects: Legal bases we rely on where we use your information
The below section only applies for residents in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK. Under applicable data protection law in the European Region (such as the GDPR), companies must have a legal justification to process your information for the various purposes described in this Privacy Policy. You also have particular rights available to you depending on which legal basis we use, and we’ve explained these below. We use info based on legitimate interests





































We use info to comply with our legal obligations






We use info where you give us consent




Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time. Your Rights and Choices
We offer you certain choices to control your data. Depending on where you live (e.g., EEA, Switzerland, UK, US), these choices may also be privacy rights you have under local law. To exercise these rights, please visit your account settings and, if you still need help, our Help Center . Access: You can request access to the information we collect and hold about you, including sometimes in a portable format. You can find more information about this through our Help Center . Correction/rectification: You can correct your information by updating information in your profile. Deletion/erasure: You can have your information deleted. In your settings, select “Delete your data and account” and follow the instructions. Opt out of “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “sale”: As explained above some of our activities may constitute “targeted advertising,” “sharing,” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You may opt out at any time by following the instructions in your Privacy and Data Settings menu. Note that you will still see ads on our Services, but they will not be informed by offsite data.