You can opt in to (and out of) this in your device operating system settings. Send you updates, including by email, push notification, SMS, or phone. You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails at any time and decide to stop getting other notifications by updating your settings . We use your information in our efforts to improve our Services, keep our users and the public safe, and to protect legal interests. To do so, we:

Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to our community or the public. This can include working with law enforcement to keep Pinterest safe. Analyze users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behavior or violations of our policies or Terms. May access user information in relation to a legal claim, litigation, or regulatory proceeding. Conduct analytics and research on who is using our Services and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better. Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. Create aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you. Pinterest processes, maintains, and uses this information only in a de-identified fashion for the purposes of this Privacy Policy and will not attempt to re-identify such information. We also use your information to personalize the ads you see

Specifically, we use the information we collect to:

Decide which ads to show you. For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest or browse sleeping bags on one of our partner’s websites, we may show you ads for other outdoor products. We customize the ad content we show you by identifying your interests based on your onsite and offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. Where we use cookies to identify your offsite interests, we’ll get your consent where required. Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites and apps. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address, or a hashed version of your email address to third parties, such as Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform, and others who may combine that information with other information they already have about you and deliver ads about Pinterest to you. Learn more about our marketing practices off Pinterest and how to opt-out. Tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are doing, and how to make them better. To do this, we disclose information about the ads you see or interact with on Pinterest to our advertisers and third-party companies to improve the performance of the ads that we or they use to audit or improve the delivery and performance of ads or content on websites and apps. Some of this information is aggregated.