Summary of changes
We work hard to make our use of personal data transparent and to make your rights and choices easy to understand. Privacy laws have continued to evolve and we made changes to this policy based on new privacy laws in some U.S. states. We also added new information for our EEA and UK residents about the data controller of their personal data. Thank you for using Pinterest! Our mission is to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love. To do that, we show you personalized content and ads we think you’ll be interested in based on information we collect from you and other parties. We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect, how we use it and what choices you have about it. Some of the concepts below are a little technical, but we’ve tried our best to explain things in a simple and clear way. Scope of the Privacy Policy
This is Pinterest’s global Privacy Policy. We have highlighted below where a particular section applies to you based on where you live. For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), if you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK, Pinterest Europe Ltd. and Pinterest, Inc. are joint data controllers of your personal data. Pinterest Europe Ltd. is an Irish company with its registered office at Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. Pinterest, Inc. is a US company with its registered office at 651 Brannan St., San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Pinterest Europe Ltd is the responsible controller for fulfilling key obligations under the GDPR. If you have any questions about our data processing activities, please contact our Data Protection Officer . We collect information in a few different ways
1. When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it
When you use Pinterest websites, apps, services, technologies, APIs, widgets, or any other products or features we offer (“Pinterest” or the “Services”), you voluntarily share certain information. Account Information: When you join our Services, we collect information like your name, email address, birthday, gender, and preferred language. If you have a business account, depending on where you live, you may also have the option to add race and ethnicity information to your profile. Content: We collect information when you save or upload Pins, photos, or other content, interact with Pins or other content (for example, commenting or adding a Pin), or where you send messages and interact with other users. Precise location information: Depending on where you live, you can choose to share your precise location using your device settings. Your communications with us: If you contact us for customer support or otherwise communicate with us, we collect the content of these communications. Your contacts: If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your account, we will continue to process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find one another on our Services.