Additional rights in the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland

We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights or options related to your personal information. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, where they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interest to keep. If we deny your request to exercise your rights, you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us using privacy-support@pinterest.com. You have choices regarding your information on Pinterest. If you have a Pinterest account, many of these controls are built directly into Pinterest or your settings. For example, you can: Edit information in your profile , Link or unlink your Pinterest account from other services (like Facebook or Google), Edit secret board settings , and Close your account at any time . We also support settings such as Limit Ad Tracking in iOS and Ads Personalization in Android devices. You may also have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access Pinterest. For example:

The browser you use may let you control cookies or other types of local data storage. Your mobile device lets you choose how and whether your precise location, photos, and other data is shared with us. How and when we share information
Anyone can see the public content you post, such as boards and Pins you create and public profile information you give us. Depending on where you live, we also make this public information available through what are called APIs (a technical way to share information quickly). For example, a partner can study what their most popular Pins are or how their Pins are being shared on Pinterest by using a Pinterest API. We also share the categories of information described above:

With other services, at your direction. For example, when you decide to link your Pinterest account to third party services, or when you publish your content on Pinterest to such services, you direct disclosure of certain information to those services. Creators may direct us to share information with advertisers or other partners for paid engagements. We share data for advertising and related purposes, including showing you ads about Pinterest on third-party services and helping advertisers understand how ads on Pinterest perform. When you fill out a lead ad form, we’ll share this information with the advertiser as described in the form. With vendors that we employ to process information on our behalf based on our instructions and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we share data with security consultants to help us get better at identifying spam. Some information we acquire may be collected by vendors on our behalf. With law enforcement agencies, government agencies, or other parties in compliance with the law.