Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on standard contractual clauses (SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us here. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly. 7. X's Audience
Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your
    
personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf). 8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed. If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy. 10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our Privacy Policy Inquiries page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below. Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available here. If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp. Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry 1355 Market Street, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103
 
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
You can confidentially contact X's Data Protection Officer through our Data Protection Inquiry Form. If you wish to raise a concern about our data processing practices, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the contact details listed on their website. Effective: September 29, 2023