We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
●  comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request;
●  protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform,
including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
●  explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a
violation of Our Rules);
●  address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
●  protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services. 3.4 With our Affiliates. We may share information amongst our affiliates to provide our products and services. 3.5 As a result of a change in ownership. We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity. 4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time:
●  We keep your profile information and content for the duration of your account. ●  We generally keep other personally identifiable data we collect when you use our products and services for a maximum of 18 months. ●  Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after you remove it from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility here. ●  Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (i.e., email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts. ●  We may keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. 5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability. You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account settings. ● You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in Your X Data and request access to additional information here. ● You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions here. To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion,
    
portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity. 5.2 Deleting your Information. If you follow the instructions here, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion.