We collect information about your activity on X, including:
●  Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and communities you are a part of. ●  Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting). ●  How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to Encrypted Messages, and when you use Direct Messages, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages. ●  If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content. ●  We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you). Purchase and payments. To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received. Device Information. We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
●  Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information. ●  Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level. ●  Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us. Location Information. When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account. Inferred Identity. We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
● When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identifiers). ●  When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account.