We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law. 2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better. We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better. 2.4 Communicate with you about our services. We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time. 2.5 Research. We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services. 3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information. 3.1 When you post and share. With the general public. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X, for example from search query results on Internet search engines. With other X users. Depending on your settings, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
●  Your interactions with X content of other users, such as likes, and people you follow. ●  Content you send to a specific X user, such as through Direct Messages. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service. With partners. Depending on your settings, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our Help Center. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your Privacy & Safety settings. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this Help Center article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations. With service providers.