Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information. Cross-Border Transfers. Whenever we transfer personal information outside of your province or territory, or outside of Canada, we ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable laws on data protection. How Secure Is Information About Me? We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind. We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by using encryption protocols and software. We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal customer information. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you. Our devices offer security features to protect them against unauthorized access and loss of data. You can control these features and configure them based on your needs. Click here for more information on how to manage the security settings of your device. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computers, devices, and applications. We recommend using a unique password for your Amazon account that is not used for other online accounts. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. Click here for more information on how to sign off. What About Advertising? Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites. Amazon Services may include third-party advertising and links to other websites and apps. Third-party advertising partners may collect information about you when you interact with their content, advertising, and services. For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon, including interest-based ads, please read our Interest-Based Ads policy. To adjust your advertising preferences, please go to the Advertising Preferences page. Use of Third-Party Advertising Services. We provide ad companies with information that allows them to serve you with more useful and relevant Amazon ads and to measure their effectiveness. We never share your name or other information that directly identifies you when we do this. Instead, we use an advertising identifier like a cookie, device identifier, or a code derived from applying irreversible cryptography to other information like an email address. For example, if you have already downloaded one of our apps, we will share your advertising identifier and data about that event so that you will not be served an ad to download the app again. Some ad companies also use this information to serve you relevant ads from other advertisers. You can learn more about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising by going to the Advertising Preferences page. What Information Can I Access?