You can access your information, including your name, address, payment options, profile information, Prime membership, household settings, and purchase history in the Your Account section of the website. Click here for a list of examples that you can access. What Choices Do I Have? If you have any questions as to how we collect and use your personal information, please contact our Customer Service. Many of our Amazon Services also include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used. As described above, you can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of the Amazon Services. You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in What Information Can I Access?. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records. If you do not want to receive email or other communications from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences. If you don’t want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or device. If you do not want to see interest-based ads, please adjust your Advertising Preferences. The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies or other identifiers, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to block cookies altogether. Because cookies and identifiers allow you to take advantage of some essential features of Amazon Services, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Services that require you to Sign in. For more information about cookies and other identifiers, see our Cookies Notice. If you want to browse our websites without linking the browsing history to your account, you may do so by logging out of your account here and blocking cookies on your browser. When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose. You will also be able to opt out of certain other types of data usage by updating your settings on the applicable Amazon website (e.g., in "Manage Your Content and Devices"), device, or application. For more information click here. Most non-Amazon devices also provide users with the ability to change device permissions (e.g., disable/access location services, contacts). For most devices, these controls are located in the device's settings menu. If you have questions about how to change your device permissions on devices manufactured by third parties, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer.