We use personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, Amazon, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks. Purposes for which we seek your consent. We may also ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you. What About Cookies and Other Identifiers? To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide and improve Amazon Services, we use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our Cookies Notice. Does Amazon Share Your Personal Information? Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling our customers' personal information to others. We share customers' personal information only as described below and with subsidiaries Amazon.com, Inc. controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Transactions involving Third Parties. We make available to you services, products, applications, or skills provided by third parties for use on or through Amazon Services. For example, you can order products from third parties through our stores, download applications from third-party application providers from our App Store, and enable third-party skills through our Alexa services. We also offer services or sell product lines jointly with third-party businesses, such as co-branded credit cards. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share customers’ personal information related to those transactions with that third party. Third-Party Service Providers. We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders for products or services, delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing payments, transmitting content, scoring, assessing and managing credit risk, and providing customer service. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Business Transfers. As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or services. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Amazon.com.ca ULC or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets. Protection of Amazon and Others. We disclose account and other personal information when we believe disclosing is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Amazon, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.