If you are a seller, you can add or update certain information in Seller Central, update your account information by accessing your Seller Account Information, and adjust your email or other communications you receive from us by updating your Notification Preferences. If you are an author, you can add or update the information you have provided in theAuthor Portal and Author Central by accessing your accounts in the Author Portal and Author Central, respectively. In addition, to the extent required by applicable law, you have the right to request access to, correct, and delete your personal data. If you wish to do any of these things, please go to Request My Personal Information or contact Customer Service. Depending on your data choices and province of residence, certain services may be limited or unavailable. Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services? Amazon does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under the age of majority in your province or territory of residence, you may use Amazon Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to use Amazon Services, your use and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon, please Contact Us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve the issue for you. Further, the Amazon Canada Privacy Officer can be contacted at canada-privacy-officer@amazon.com or by mail at ATTN: Amazon.ca Privacy Officer, 120 Bremner Blvd, Toronto, ON M5J 0A1. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice will change also. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.