Most of the features on Snapchat are private and for Friends only, but we also offer public features that allow you to opt in to showcase your best Snaps to the world, such as Spotlight, Snap Map, Community Stories, or your Public Profile. When you do this, those Snaps may also be discoverable outside of Snapchat, for example on the web. Some information, like your username and Bitmoji, are visible to the public. Third-Party Apps. Sometimes we provide features that allow you to connect with third-party apps. If you decide to connect your Snapchat account with a third-party app, we will share any additional information you direct us to. Service Providers. We share information about your activity with our service providers, who process that information on our behalf. For example, we rely on such Service Providers to facilitate payments or measure and optimize the performance of ads. We do not share private communications with them. We maintain a list of categories of service providers here. Business and Integrated Partners. We share information about your activity with business and integrated partners in order to provide the Services. For example, you can use OpenTable within Snapchat to reserve a table. This does not include private communications. We maintain a list of these partners here. Anti-Fraud Partners. We share information about your activity, such as device and usage information, with industry partners working to prevent fraud. Legal, Safety, and Security Partners. We share information about your activity as necessary for the following legal, safety, and security reasons:
comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation. investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service and Community Guidelines violations. protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others. detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns. Affiliates. Snap Inc. consists of different subsidiaries owned by us. We may share your information within those internal subsidiaries as needed to carry out our Services. For the purposes of a Merger or Acquisition. If we were to sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or possible buyer, we may transfer your personal information to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction. Integrated Partners
Our Services may contain content and integrations offered by our integrated partners. Examples include integrations in Lenses, Camera editing tools, to provide Scan results, and third-party developer integrations. Through these integrations, you may be providing information to the integrated partner as well as to Snap. We are not responsible for how those partners collect or use your information. As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party service that you visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our Services. You can learn more about our integrations in Snapchat here. On iOS we use Apple’s TrueDepth camera to improve the quality of Lenses.