We’ve built a number of tools that let you choose who you share your content with. In some cases you may want to share content with your friends, and in other instances you may want to share it with the public. To learn more, go here. Control who can contact you. Snapchat is intended for close friends and family, that’s why we’ve built controls that help you decide who can contact you. If you receive unwanted communications, you can always block and report that person. Go here to learn more. Change your permissions. In most cases, you can change your permissions at any time. For example, if you provided access to your phone contacts to make friending easier, you can change that later on in your settings. Of course, if you do that, certain features and Services, like finding friends in your contact book, won’t work. Opt out of promotional messages. You have the option to opt out or unsubscribe from promotional emails and messages sent by SMS or other messaging platforms. To do so, just follow the instructions in the message like an unsubscribe link or similar functionality. Download your data. You can use our Download My Data tool to get a copy of information that may not be available in Snapchat in a portable format, so you can move it or store it wherever you want. Object to processing. Depending on where you live and the particular data we are processing, you may have the right to object to our processing of that information. This gets a bit technical, so we’ve explained it in more detail here. Set advertising preferences. We try to show you ads that we think will be relevant to your interests, but if you’d like to have a less personalized experience, you can change your advertising settings in the Snapchat app. Learn more here. Tracking. If you use an iPhone with iOS 14.5 or above, some specific requirements apply, which we’ve specified here (copied below):
Opt-out of Activity-Based Ads. If you do not want Snap to show you ads based on your activity on the websites and platforms of our advertisers and partners, you can opt-out. Opt-out of Audience-Based Ads. Use this opt-out if you do not want Snap to target you with ads based on audience lists we receive from advertisers and other partners. Opt-out of third party ad networks. Use this opt-out if you do not want third-party ad networks to serve you ads. Opt-out of tracking (iOS users only). If you set the privacy controls on your device running iOS 14.5 or later to not allow Snapchat to track you, we will not link your activity on third-party apps and websites collected while using that device with user or device data from Snapchat for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, except on your device. However, we may link this information for advertising purposes in ways that we do not specifically identify you. Change the ad topics you see.