If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm, investigate possible violations of our Terms of Service or other policies, investigate reports of abuse, or protect ourselves or others. Take a look at our Privacy by Product page and support page for details on the specific retention periods for products. Although our systems are designed to delete some of your information automatically, we cannot promise that deletion will take place by a specific time. In some cases we need to comply with legal requirements to store your data which stops us from deleting your information. For example, if we receive a notice from a court asking us to keep a copy of your content. Other reasons we may be required to keep a copy of your data are if we get reports of abuse or other Terms or policy violations, or if your account, content created by you, or content created with other Snapchatters is flagged by others or our systems for abuse or other Terms or policy violations. Finally, we may also keep certain information in backup for a limited period of time or as required by law. For the latest information about how long we store different types of content, check out our Support Site. Region Specific Information
Depending on where you live, you may have additional rights, this section provides more details on region specific information. We do our best to keep our policies as simple as possible, but depending on where you live, you have some additional rights or there may be specific information that you should be aware of. Please take a look at the list below to see if any apply to you! Brazil 🇧🇷
Canada 🇨🇦
Europe 🇪🇺
Mexico 🇲🇽
South Korea 🇰🇷
Turkey 🇹🇷
United States 🇺🇸
Note: The U.S. State Privacy Notice applies only if you are a resident of certain U.S. states that have implemented state-level privacy laws. Some jurisdictions require that we state our legal basis for processing data for particular purposes. You can find that information here. Our Audience
Our Services are directed to individuals 13 years and older. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and you must confirm that you are 13 years or older in order to create an account and use our Services. If we have actual knowledge that you are under the age of 13 (or the minimum age at which a person may use the Services in your state, province, or country without parental consent, if greater), we will stop providing Services to you and delete your account and data. In addition, we may also limit how we collect, use, and store some of the information of Snapchatters under 18. In some cases, this means we will be unable to provide certain functionality to people under the age of 18.