4. Privacy Policy
Welcome to Snap Inc.’s Privacy Policy. This Policy explains how we collect and use your data and how you can control your information. Looking for a quick summary on our privacy practices? Check out this page or this video. And if you’re looking for specific product privacy information, for example, how we process your Chats and Snaps, take a look at our Privacy by Product page. In addition to these documents, we also show in-app notices that provide you more information about our products and services. Transparency is one of our core values at Snap. We believe there shouldn’t be any surprises about the data we collect and how we use it — that’s why we’re upfront with how we process it. For example, we process your information to provide you a more personalized experience, including to show you content and information that is most relevant to your experience, as well as more relevant advertisements. Understanding your interests and preferences help us provide a better product experience. Furthermore, we believe a personalized experience should not come at the expense of your privacy. Just like in real life, there are some moments you want to share privately with your close friends, and others that you want to share publicly. That’s why from day one our philosophy has been to delete content by default and to give Snapchatters control by providing the tools that allow them to decide what happens with their content, like who to share it with or when to save it. This Policy covers our Snapchat app as well as our other products, services, and features, such as Bitmoji, Spectacles, and our advertising and commerce initiatives. When you read "Services" in this Policy, we’re talking about all of them. Also, if you see us refer to our "Terms," we mean the Terms of Service that you agree to when you sign up for our Services. Finally, if you see the term "Snapchatter" we are often using that as shorthand for any user of our Services. Let’s get started with the controls you have over your information:

Control Over Your Information
Control over your information and settings is a core part of Snapchat experience. Here, we give you more details on the types of settings that are available, link out to our data download tool, and provide instructions on how to delete data or your account. We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with a range of tools, including:

Access and update your information. You can access and edit most of your basic account information right in our Services. Just navigate to your settings and you will see the options available to you. Delete your information. If you want to delete your account, learn how here. You can also delete some information within our Services, like content you’ve saved to Memories, content you’ve shared with My AI, Spotlight submissions, and more. Control who can see your content.