This setting allows you to decide whether you want to see certain types of ads about sensitive topics, like political, alcohol, or gambling ads. Some of these ads are turned off by default for users under a specific age. Make changes to Lifestyle Categories. This setting allows you to change the lifestyle category inferences Snap has made about you based on your interests and activity on Snapchat. Information We Collect
This section provides you with details on what information we collect. We’ve organized this in a few categories: information you provide to us, information we generate based on your use of our Services, and information we receive from others. Sometimes, we may also collect additional information, with your permission. When you use our Services, such as Snapchat, we collect information you provide to us, generate information when you use our Services, and in some cases receive data from others. Let’s break these down in more detail. Information You Provide
]\
Many of our Services require you to set up an account. To do this, we ask you to provide us with account details (information about you, like your name, username, email address, birthday, and phone number). When you set up your profile, you’ll also provide us with profile details (like your Bitmoji and profile picture). If you use our commerce products to buy something, like those latest sneakers, we may ask you for payment and related information (like your physical address, so we can ship the product to you, payment information, so we can process the payment, and transaction history). Of course, you’ll also provide us with the information you send through or save within our Services. We consider some of this information to be private content and communications (like Snaps and Chats with friends, My Story set to Friends, Private Stories, voice and video calls, and content that is saved in My Eyes Only). On the other end of the spectrum, some of the information you send through or save within our Services may be public content that is accessible to everyone (such as Public Story content, including My Story set to Everyone, Shared Stories, and Community Stories, Spotlight or Snap Map submissions, and Public Profile information). Keep in mind that Snapchatters who view your Snaps, Chats, and any other content, can always screenshot that content, save it, or copy it outside the Snapchat app. So please don’t send messages or share content that you wouldn’t want someone to save or share. Lastly, when you contact Support (content and communications shared with Support) or our Safety team, or communicate with us in any other way, including through our research efforts (like responses to surveys, consumer panels, or other research questions) we’ll collect whatever information you provide or that we need to resolve your question. Information We Generate When You Use Our Services
When you use our Services, we collect information about which of those Services you’ve used and how you’ve used them.