Note, however, that this information is used in real time — we don’t store this information on our servers or share it with third parties. International Data Transfers
Our Services connect you with your friends around the world. To make that possible, we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States or other countries outside of where you live. Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure safeguards are in place to protect the data as required by law where you live. If you want to learn more about this, see the Region Specific Information section for more details. How Long We Keep Your Information
In this section we provide you with information on how long we keep your information, why we keep your information, and also highlight how we may need to keep your information to comply with laws, courts, and other obligations. As a general rule, we keep information as long as you tell us to, and otherwise as long as we need it to provide our Services, or as required by law. For example, if you store something in Memories, we will keep it as long as you need it, but when you Chat with a friend, our systems are designed to delete Chats you send within 24 hours after your friend reads it (or automatically after viewing — depending on your settings). Whether we retain your data depends on the specific feature, your settings, and how you’re using the Services. Here are some more factors we consider when we decide how long to keep your information:
If we need the information to operate or provide our Services. For example, we store your basic account details — like your name, phone number, and email address — to maintain your account. To do the things you expect from our Services and as we’ve described within this Privacy Policy. For example, we maintain your list of friends until you ask us to delete them since friends are key to expressing yourself. Conversely, Snaps and Chats sent in Snapchat will be deleted by default from our servers within 24 hours after we detect they’ve been opened by all recipients or have expired, unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save something, in which case we will honor your choices. The information itself. For example, we store location information for different lengths of time based on how precise it is and which Services you use. If location information is associated with a Snap — like those saved to Memories or posted to Snap Map or Spotlight — we’ll retain that location as long as we store the Snap. Pro tip: You can see the location data we retain about you by downloading your data. How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.