Privacy Policy
This policy was published on June 15, 2023, and will take effect on July 24, 2023. The
previous version of this policy can be viewed here.

1. What Information We Collect and Receive
2. How We Use Your Information and Our Legal Basis
3. How We Share Your Information
4. How We Transfer Your Information
5. How We Protect Your Information
6. How Long We Store Your Information
7. Your Rights & Choices
8. Your Responsibilities
9. Privacy Policy Changes
10.Additional Disclosures for United States Residents
11. How to Contact Us

At Etsy, we care deeply about privacy. We strive to be transparent about our privacy
practices, including how we treat your personal information.

This policy explains our privacy practices for Etsy.com (which we’ll refer to as the "Site"),
Etsy’s mobile applications, including the Etsy App and the Etsy Seller App (together, the
"Apps"), Etsy Payments, Pattern by Etsy, Etsy’s public Application Programming Interface
(the “API”), and other services provided by Etsy, Inc. or Etsy Ireland UC, depending on
your location (which we’ll refer to as "Etsy," or as "we," "us," and "our"). We’ll use the term
“Services” to refer collectively to the Site, the Apps, Etsy Payments, Pattern by Etsy, and
the API.

This policy applies to our registered buyers (“Buyers”) and sellers (“Sellers”) (together, our
“Members”), those who purchase items on Etsy without an account (“Guests”) and anyone
else who visits our Sites or uses our Services (together with our Members and Guests,
“you” and “your”). If you are not a registered Member or a Guest, please see our
Non-Member Privacy Policy for further information about how we may collect and use your
personal information, available here.

This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties (including Sellers, Pattern by
Etsy users or API users) who you may choose to share information with when you use the
Services. Please note that the collection and use of your information by these third parties
is subject to their own privacy policies and terms. You should understand the privacy and
security practices of any third party before you share information with them.

It is important that you understand how we use your information. You should read this
policy in full, but some key points and references to help you navigate the policy are:

● Our mission at Etsy is to keep human connection at the heart of commerce. We
connect Buyers with Sellers that offer handmade or vintage products and craft
supplies. By accepting our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, or by using any of
our Services, you confirm that you have read and understand this policy, including
how and why we use your information.
● We collect and use your personal information to provide and improve our Services,
to protect the security and integrity of our Services and to comply with our legal
obligations. To learn more about what information we collect and how we use it, see
Section 1 and Section 2 below.
● We share your information with other Etsy group companies, trusted partners and
service providers to provide our Services, for security purposes, to understand how
you use and interact with our Services and to meet our legal obligations. To learn
more, see Section 3.
● If you are located outside of North or South America, Etsy Ireland UC is the service
provider and data controller responsible for your personal information. If you are
located within North or South America, Etsy, Inc. is the service provider and data
controller responsible for your personal information. The contact details for both
companies are set out in Section 11.
● Other policies that are referenced below, such as the Terms of Use and Cookies &
Similar Technologies Policy, are available from Our House Rules page, located
here.
● If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or wish to exercise your rights,
see Section 11 for further information about how to contact us.

1. What Information We Collect and Receive

In the course of providing our Services, we collect and receive information that directly or
indirectly relates to you (which we call your “personal information”) in different ways and
from different sources, which we have set out below. The capitalized terms in this Section

2

1 are definitions that we use throughout this Policy, so please refer back to this table as
necessary.

Information Category Description of Information Collected

Information You Provide to Us

You provide certain information to Etsy directly when you sign up for an Etsy account or otherwise

use the Services.

Buyer Account Information
We collect certain information from you when
you set up an Etsy Buyer account and use the
Services.

● Buyer Details: Your name, email address,
and phone number
● Buyer Payment Information: Your billing
address and payment information (e.g., credit
or debit card details or other payment
credentials, like PayPal)
● Delivery Information: Your delivery address,
contact name, and phone number (in certain
countries outside of the EU)
● Regional Information: Your country,
preferred language, and currency

Seller Account Information
We collect certain information from you when
you set up an Etsy Seller account and use the
Services.

● Seller Details: Your name, valid
identification, email address, country of
residence, phone number, date of birth,
taxpayer address, and Etsy shop name
● Seller Payment Information: Your bank
country, bank account details, billing address
and other payment information (e.g., credit or
debit card details or PayPal credentials)
● Shop Preferences: Your preferred language,
country, and currency
● Business/Tax Information: Your tax and
government-issued identification numbers
● Regional Information: Your country,
preferred language, and currency

3

Buyer Public Profile Information
As a Buyer on Etsy, you can choose to provide
your name and other personal information in
connection with your account and activity.
Other people will be able to see your profile
information.
You can edit, remove or limit this information
through your account settings.

● Name
● Birthday
● Gender
● Location
● Profile photo
● Your bio, story and story headline
● Your favorite items and favorite stores
● Linked third-party accounts (e.g., social
media, “sign-in with”)
● Product reviews
● Registry information (e.g., name, partner
name, wedding or special event date,
shipping information)

Seller Public Profile Information
As a Seller on Etsy, you must provide certain
information for your shop. You can also
choose to share other personal information
(such as birthday, gender or location) in
connection with your account and activity.
Other people will be able to see your profile
information.
You can edit, remove, or limit this information
through your account settings.

● Shop name
● Your name
● Birthday
● Gender
● Location and/or business address (if
applicable)
● Profile photo
● Your bio, story, story headline, shop photos,
and shop links
● Vacation mode announcements
● Linked third-party accounts (e.g., social,
“sign-in with”)
● Shop policies (e.g., returns)

Guest Checkout Information
You can purchase goods on Etsy without an
account through our ‘Guest Checkout’ feature.
We need certain information about you to
facilitate your purchase.

● Your name
● Email address
● Billing name and address
● Credit or debit card information or other
payment method
● Shipping name and address

Transaction Information
When you buy or sell goods on Etsy, we
collect information about the order as part of
your transaction history.

● Information about the transactions made on
our Services, such as the shop name, items
purchased, Buyer’s name, purchase price,
and date of the transaction

Photographs and Videos
You may enable the Apps to access your
mobile device’s camera to upload photographs
and videos to Etsy, or you can upload photos
and videos directly through our Site.

● Photos and videos you upload to your profile,
our forums, as part of product reviews or
through Etsy’s other products and features
(e.g., search)

4

Forums/Community Information
We offer several features that allow users to
connect and communicate in public or
semi-public spaces, such as Forums and
Teams, which are a part of the Etsy
Community space.

● Content you post in our community spaces
● Any additional information you choose to
provide

Messages Information
You can contact another Member using Etsy
Messages for a variety of reasons, such as
customer support, personalizing products, or
product and order questions.

● Message Content: Content you share with, or
receive from, other Members through our
Messages function
● Message Metadata: Metadata about content
(such as the location where a photo was
taken) and Messages (such as the date and
time of the message)

Promotion Information
From time to time, Etsy runs promotional
offers, contests and sweepstakes.

The types of information we collect will be
governed by the terms of the relevant
promotion, which can be viewed on Our
House Rules page. However, in general, we
will collect the following information about
entrants:
● Email address
● Social handle (if social promotion)

Customer Support Information
We collect certain information when you
engage with our customer support teams.

● Your communications with our support team
● Any additional information you provide,
including transaction information (e.g., order
number and transaction ID), and/or device
and technical information (e.g., IP address for
troubleshooting)

Survey Responses and Market Research
You may choose to provide certain information
in connection with surveys, research and other
feedback mechanisms.

● Demographic information, including your age,
gender, work status, region and
neighborhood type (e.g., rural, suburban, or
urban) and, if you are located in the US, your
income, education and race/ethnicity
● Business and selling information, such as the
size of your business, any other selling
channels you use, your business income
breakdown (by percentage) for each selling
channel
● Any additional information you may provide

Information We Collect Automatically

Etsy automatically receives and records information from your browser or your mobile device when

you visit the Site, use the Apps, or use certain features of the Services

(even if you do not have an Etsy account).

5

Browser and Device Information
Etsy automatically receives and records
information from your browser or your mobile
device when you visit the Site, use the Apps,
or otherwise install, access or use certain
features of the Services.

● Browser and device information, including
your IP address, device type, hardware
model, operating system information, unique
device identifier, and your detected language
● App information, including app version, app
usage and debugging information, and app ID

Service Usage Information
We collect certain information about your use
of the Services, such as how often you use the
Apps, how you interact with the Services, and
actions you take when interacting with the Site
and Apps, in order to help us ensure the
Services are functioning correctly, tailor your
experience, and improve our offerings. We
may collect this information from a subset of
users when testing new products or features.

● Usage Information: Information about your
interaction with our Sites and Apps, including
how often you use the Sites and/or Apps,
what happens within the Sites and/or Apps,
what listings you view and interact with, or
other actions you take (such as clicking on
particular parts of the Site or Apps)
● Diagnostic and Troubleshooting
Information: Information about how our
Services are performing when you use them,
like service-related diagnostic and
performance information, including
timestamps, crash data, website performance
logs and error messages or reports

General Location Information
We use your general location information for
things like tailoring our Services to your
location and to estimate shipping costs. See
Section 2 for further details on how we use this
information.

● IP addresses and other information like your
zip or postal code, to estimate your general
location (e.g., country, state, or city)
● The general location you set in your regional
preferences on the Site or Apps

Precise Location Information
We use your precise geo-location where you
have given us permission to do so through
your device-based settings. See Section 2 for
further detail.

● Your precise geo-location collected from your
device

Cookie Information

● For more information about these online tools
and how we use them, see our Cookies &
Similar Technologies Policy
Information We Receive from Third Parties
We receive certain information about you from third parties.

Information from our Payment Processors
We receive certain information about Buyers
from our third-party payment processors, such
as Paypal, who help us to process

● Your first and last name
● Your billing address
● Your email address
● Your phone number
6

transactions, provide our Services and prevent
fraudulent or illegal activity.
Information from Advertising and
Marketing Partners
We receive certain information about you from
our advertising and marketing partners,
including in some instances what marketing
content you viewed or clicked the actions you
take on our Sites and Apps. This information
helps us determine how our marketing
campaigns and other customer interactions
may contribute to sales, conversions, or other
goals.

● We may receive from our third-party partners
(or may collect directly), for example,
attribution information via cookies and UTM
tags in URLs to help us determine the source
of the traffic to Etsy or track the performance
of a specific campaign
● We may also receive responses to marketing
emails and advertisements, responses to
offers, and audience information from
partners who you have given consent to
share that information with us

Analytics Information
We use data analytics software to ensure Site
and App functionality and to improve the
Services. For more information, see Etsy's
Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy and
Cookies & Similar Technologies Disclosures.

● We use third-party software to record
information such as how often you use the
Site and/or Apps, what happens within the
Apps or on our Site (e.g., how you interact
with our Services), aggregated usage,
performance data, app errors and debugging
information, and, in the case of Apps, where
the Apps were downloaded from

Third-Party Application Information
We receive certain information when you
engage with third-party applications or platform
integrations on other sites and apps.

● When you link our Services with third-party
applications or integrations (e.g., linked
third-party accounts), we receive your contact
information, including your name and email
address, and any additional information you
authorize the third party to share with us (for
example, social media accounts and/or
sign-in functionality)

Non-Member Information
Etsy receives or obtains information about a
person who is not yet a registered Etsy
Member or Guest and has not directly made a
purchase (a “Non-Member”) in connection
with certain Etsy features, such as when a
Non-Member chooses to subscribe to an Etsy
newsletter, a Member invites a Non-Member to
visit the Site, a Member uploads Non-Member
information to send a gift or when a Member
sends a gift card code to a Non-Member. For
more information, please see our Non-Member
Privacy Policy, available here.

● Non-Member email address
● Non-Member IP address
● Non-Member physical postal address

2. How We Use Your Information and Our Legal Basis
When you access or use the Services or interact with our Sites and/or Apps, we collect,
use, share, and otherwise process your personal information for the purposes described in
this policy. To the extent required by applicable law, we rely on a number of legal bases to

7

use your information in these ways. If you reside outside the European Economic Area
(“EEA”), Switzerland or the United Kingdom (“UK”) (together referred to as the “European
Region”), the legal bases on which we rely may differ from those listed below.

Why and How We Use Your Information Information Categories Used

Where necessary to perform our contract with you

We use certain information that is necessary for us to provide you with the Services and perform our
Terms of Use or other relevant contract(s) with you. We will need to close your account if we cannot

process your personal information for such purposes.

To create and maintain your Etsy account and
provide our Services
We collect certain information in order to set
up your Etsy account and to allow you to
interact with the Etsy Community.

● Buyer Account Information
● Seller Account Information
● Buyer Public Profile Information
● Seller Public Profile Information
● Browser and Device Information
● Forums/Community Information
● Third-Party Application Information (where
relevant)

To facilitate buying and selling on Etsy
We use certain information to facilitate buying
and selling on Etsy. This can also involve us
sharing your information with some of our
third-party partners – such as our shipping and
payment partners – to enable us to provide the
Services to you pursuant to our Terms of Use.
Such partners will process your personal
information in accordance with their own
privacy policies. For more information, please
see Section 3.

● Buyer Account Information
● Seller Account Information
● General Location Information
● Information from our Payment Processors
● Guest Checkout Information
● Transaction Information
● Photographs and Videos, including where you
use certain features to search for products
● Customer Support Information

To provide our Etsy Payments service
As an Etsy Seller, you may use our payment
service, Etsy Payments, to accept various
forms of payments on the Site, Apps, and
other Services. You will need to provide
certain information to set up an account.
For more information, see the Etsy Payments
Policy.

● Seller Account Information

To provide Guest Checkout

● Guest Checkout Information
● Browser and Device Information
● Transaction Information
8

Why and How We Use Your Information Information Categories Used
We allow Guests to purchase items from Etsy
without an account through Guest Checkout.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
our Services
We use certain information to verify accounts
and related activity, including through our
two-factor authentication process (“2FA”), to
find and address violations of our Terms of
Use, investigate suspicious activity, detect,
prevent and combat fraudulent or other
unlawful behavior (including by automated
means) and to maintain the integrity of our
Service.

● Buyer Public Profile Information
● Seller Public Profile Information
● Buyer Account Information
● Seller Account Information
● Browser and Device Information
● Customer Support Information
● Information from our Payment Processors
● Messages Information, subject to applicable
law

To send Service communications
We use certain information to send you
administrative or account-related
communications about our Services, including
to verify your email address, welcome you to
the Services, confirm a transaction, or notify
you about an order, service availability,
changes to the Services, or updates to this
Policy, our Terms of Use, or other policies. You
may not opt out of receiving service
communications, such as emails or mobile
notifications sent for legal, security, or other
transactional purposes.

● Buyer Account Information
● Seller Account Information
● Transaction Information

To run promotions and sweepstakes
We use certain information about entrants to
our promotions and sweepstakes to manage
the relevant promotion and, where applicable,
identify the relevant winner(s).

● Promotion Information

To provide customer support
We use your information to respond to
requests for support (via the Apps, Site, or
email) and to respond to customer care and
other inquiries, including providing
telephone-based customer support to
Members or Guests (who provide their
telephone numbers).

● Buyer Account Information
● Seller Account Information
● Guest Checkout Information
● Transaction Information
● Service Usage Information
● General Location Information
● Customer Support Information

Where necessary to comply with our legal obligations

9

Our Services are subject to laws and regulations that require us to collect, use, and store your
personal information in certain ways. Where applicable, if you do not provide the personal information

required by law, we will have to close your account.

Why and How We Use Your Information Information Categories Used
To comply with local laws on selling goods
For example, in certain countries, we are
required to display certain information about
our Sellers on Etsy.

● Buyer Public Profile Information
● Seller Public Profile Information
● Buyer Account Information
● Seller Account information

To verify your identity
To become an Etsy Seller, we need to verify
your identity to comply with our obligations
under a variety of laws, such as the Digital
Services Act and anti-money laundering laws.

● Seller Details
● Seller Account Information

To comply with legal and regulatory obligations
Etsy may also use, preserve, or release your
personal information to a third party to comply
with our legal and regulatory obligations,
including in response to lawful requests by
public authorities (including tax authorities)
and to meet legitimate national security or law
enforcement requirements.
For example, we may be required to collect,
use or disclose your information in connection
with:
Civil, commercial, criminal or consumer
protection matters or litigation: where we
are in receipt of a court order to disclose
information or receive regulatory inquiries
(e.g., under the Irish Competition and
Consumer Protection Act 2014, the Consumer
Rights Act 2022, or the Liability For Defective
Products Act, 1991).
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply
with our corporation and taxation obligations,
such as those under the Irish Companies Act
2014 and the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997
and the Internal Revenue Service code.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our
regulatory obligations, including as an
e-commerce platform arising under the P2B

● Buyer Public Profile Information
● Seller Public Profile Information
● Buyer Account Information
● Seller Account Information
● Information from our Payment Processors
● General Location Information
● Browser and Device Information
● Messages Information, subject to
applicable law

10

Regulation, the Digital Services Act and similar
regulations.
We may also be required to collect, use or
disclose your information to comply with our
obligations to engage with regulators,
including but not limited to the Irish
Competition and Consumer Protection
Commission, the Central Bank of Ireland, the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control
(OFAC), and other regulatory bodies.

Where necessary for our legitimate interests

We rely on our legitimate interests or those of third parties (like other Buyers and Sellers, and in some
cases, the general public) where they are not outweighed by your rights and freedoms. In the EEA
and UK, you have the right to object to, and seek the restriction of, this processing. To learn more, see

Section 7.

Why and How We Use Your Information

Legitimate Interests
Relied On

Information
Categories Used

To understand how you use our Services and
improve your experience on Etsy
We use certain information to improve our
Services, including to ensure the Services are
functioning correctly, to help Sellers find the
best ways to market and sell their products on
Etsy, to identify and support high-performing
Sellers, and for general research and
aggregate reporting.

It is in our legitimate
interests to
understand how our
Services are being
used, and to explore
and unlock ways to
develop and grow our
business.
It is in our legitimate
interests, and those
of our Members, to
improve the efficiency
of our Services,
troubleshoot errors
with our Services,
increase interest in
our Services, and
obtain insights into
usage patterns of our
Services.

● Service Usage
Information
● Browser and
Device Information
● Cookie Information
● Customer Support
Information
● Survey Responses
and Market
Research
● Information from
Advertising and
Marketing Partners
● Analytics
Information
● General Location
Information

To rank your search results
We use certain information to rank your search
results. When a Member or Guest searches for
an item on Etsy, Etsy’s search engine works to
return the most relevant matches based on the

It is in our legitimate
interests, and those
of our Members, to
customize our
Services, including
identifying products

● Service Usage
Information
● Browser and
Device Information
● Shop Preferences

11

search query and the Information Categories
listed here.
We may also highlight a cross-section of shops
or listings organically, above or alongside
primary search results. Etsy does not offer
Sellers a higher ranking placement in organic
search results in exchange for any
compensation or fee. Sellers can, however,
purchase on-site ads, called Etsy Ads, which
are identified separately as ads on Etsy
(discussed below).
For more information on how Etsy Search
works, see our Search and Advertisement
Ranking Disclosures.

that our Buyers would
be most interested in.

To provide on-platform advertising on our Sites
and Apps
Sellers can purchase paid advertising on Etsy
(“Etsy Ads”). Etsy Ads display a Seller's
listings or shops prominently on the Sites
and/or Apps (and are marked as “Seller Ads”).
Etsy Ads are displayed in one or more
locations, such as Members’ and Guests’
search results.
For more information on Etsy Ads, see our
Advertising and Marketing Policy and our
Search and Advertisement Ranking
Disclosures.

It is in our legitimate
interests, and those
of our Sellers, to help
Sellers reach the
most appropriate
audience for their
goods.

● Service Usage
Information
● Browser and
Device Information
● General Location
Information
● Buyer Public Profile
Information
● Guest Checkout
Information
● Transaction
Information

To display non-personalised advertising on
third-party platforms and sites
We use your information for non-personalized
ads for our Services on third-party platforms
and sites.
For example, we purchase offsite advertising
from a network of participating providers, such
as social networks and search engines. See
the Etsy Offsite Ad Channels for further
information. You may see ads for Etsy on these
channels even if you have opted-out of
personalized advertisements.
If you are a Seller, we may use information
about you in order to feature you in marketing
and advocacy materials, and to feature you and
your shop on and off the platform, as provided
for in Etsy’s Terms of Use.

It is in our legitimate
interests to promote
the Services and
listings on third-party
platforms and sites.

● Information from
Advertising and
Marketing Partners
● Cookie Information

12

To facilitate Seller campaigns, surveys and
petitions
Sellers have the ability to sign onto campaigns,
surveys, or petitions for causes they care about
or to donate to these causes. To facilitate this,
we need to collect and use certain information
about our Members.

It is in our legitimate
interests and our
Members’ interests to
provide these
services and to
conduct surveys to
help us in improving
our Services.

● Seller Public Profile
Information
● Seller Account
Information
● Etsy Payments
Information (for
charitable
donations)

To keep our Services safe and secure

We collect and store your information and, in
some cases, apply automated processing and
manual (i.e., human) review to maintain the
security and integrity of our Services. This
involves taking steps to detect, investigate and
otherwise protect our community against spam,
abuse, harassment, intellectual property
infringement, crime, suspected fraud, harm,
suspected violations of Etsy’s Terms of Use
and safety and security risks of all kinds.

It is in our legitimate
interests, and those
of our Members, to
ensure the security of
our Services, to verify
accounts and activity,
to combat harmful or
inappropriate conduct
or content and to
detect, prevent and
address spam.
It is in our legitimate
interests, those of our
Members and the
general public to
enforce our House
Rules, Terms of Use
and associated
policies, including to
prevent or address
fraud and other illegal
activities.

● Buyer Public Profile
Information
● Seller Public Profile
Information
● Buyer Account
Information
● Seller Account
Information
● Transaction
Information
● Messages
Information,subject
to applicable law
● Service Usage
Information

To protect our legal rights
Etsy may also retain, preserve or review your
personal information to protect, establish, or
exercise our legal rights or defend against
impending or asserted legal claims, including to
collect a debt or address a violation of our
Terms of Use and policies (including our
Intellectual Property Policy).
For example, in accordance with our existing
case resolution process, we may use
information you provide to resolve disputes with
Etsy or other Users.

● Buyer Public Profile
Information
● Seller Public Profile
Information
● Buyer Account
Information
● Seller Account
Information
● Etsy Payments
Information
● Transaction
Information
● Service Usage
Information
● Messages
Information, subject
to applicable law

13

To share information with law enforcement and
respond to legal requests
We may share your information with a third
party, including law enforcement authorities,
where not compelled by law when we believe
in good faith that such use and/or disclosure is
reasonably necessary to detect, prevent or
prosecute illegal activity or to prevent
imminent death or imminent bodily harm.
The categories of information that we access,
preserve, use and share for these purposes
will depend on the specific circumstances.
To learn more about how and why Etsy shares
information in these circumstances, see
Section 3 and review our Requests for
Information Policy.

It is in our legitimate
interests and the
interests of the
general public to
share information with
third parties, including
as part of
investigations or
regulatory inquiries, to
detect, investigate and
prosecute illegal
activity or to prevent
death or imminent
bodily harm.

● Buyer Public Profile
Information
● Seller Public Profile
Information
● Buyer Account
Information
● Seller Account
Information
● Etsy Payments
Information
● Transaction
Information
● Messages
Information, subject
to applicable law
● Service Usage
Information

In the event of a business reorganization
In some cases, Etsy may choose to reorganize
its business. In these types of transactions
(such as a sale, merger, liquidation,
receivership, reorganization, or transfer of all or
substantially all of Etsy’s assets), Member
information is typically one of the business
assets that is transferred.

Such transactions
may be necessary
and in our legitimate
interests, particularly
our interest in making
decisions that enable
our business to
develop over the long
term.

● Buyer Public Profile
Information
● Seller Public Profile
Information
● Buyer Account
Information
● Seller Account
Information

Where you provide your consent

When we use your information based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at
any time on a go-forward basis (meaning our prior use of your data will not be affected). You may

change your device-based or in-app settings anytime. Learn More.

To send you email marketing
In certain countries (such as those in the EU),
we may need your consent to send you email
marketing messages. You will be given the
opportunity to opt out of each marketing
communication that we send.

● Buyer Account Information
● Seller Account Information
● Browser and Device Information
● Transaction Information
● Information from Advertising and Marketing
Partners
● Service Usage Information

In the European Region, to personalize your
experience on the Sites and Apps
For users in the European Region, we rely on
your consent to personalize your experience on
the Sites and Apps to help you search for and
discover relevant items.

● Service Usage Information
● Browser and Device Information
● General Location Information
● Transaction Information

14

To personalize the ads you see on third-party
platforms and sites
We rely on your consent to personalize the ads
you see for Etsy listings on third-party platforms
and sites.
This targeted marketing includes third-party
tools, including those offered by Facebook
Custom Audience and Google Customer
Match, and we may use analytics aggregated
from your Service Usage Information including,
for example, search keywords, favorites,
browsing history and purchase history in
combination with the Information Categories
listed here.

● Buyer Details
● Service Usage Information
● Cookie Information

To collect your information through the
device-based settings that you have enabled
We rely on your consent to:
● collect your device-based Precise
Location Information for: (a) local
content, to personalize and tailor the
Services, including search results and
recommendations; and (b) delivery, and
shipping services; and
● access your camera and/or photo gallery
if you choose to share photos or media
on our Services.

● Precise Location Information
● Photographs and Videos

Data used for tasks carried out in the public interest

To preserve, review and share information to
perform a task in the public interest
In limited, fact-specific circumstances, we will
access, preserve and share your information
with regulators, law enforcement or others
where necessary to perform a task in the
public interest. For example, we might share
information with others for the purposes of
combating unlawful or harmful behavior where
it is in the public interest to do so and where
the public interest is laid down by applicable
law (including EU or Member State law, where
required).

● Buyer Account Information
● Seller Account Information
● Buyer Public Profile Information
● Seller Public Profile Information
● Information from our Payment Processors
● Transaction Information
● Messages Information, subject to
applicable law

Data use to protect your or others’ vital interests

15

To preserve, review and share information with
law enforcement and others
We may preserve, review and share
information with law enforcement and others in
circumstances where someone’s vital interests
require protection, such as in the case of
emergencies. For example, we may need to
share information to prevent loss of life or
personal injury of an Etsy Buyer or Seller or
other third party or to prevent crime or fraud.

● Buyer Account Information
● Seller Account Information
● Buyer Public Profile Information
● Seller Public Profile Information
● Information from our Payment Processors
● Transaction Information
● Messages Information, subject to applicable
law

3. How We Share Your Information
We share your data with third parties where necessary to perform the Services, comply
with our legal obligations, or for purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including:
Publicly Displayed Information: By using the Services, certain information about you will be
publicly displayed on the Site and Apps, such as Buyer Public Profile Information and
Seller Public Profile Information (as defined in Section 2). Buyers and Sellers can choose
to make certain information and activities private through their account or Public Profile
settings. Other information connected with your use of the Services will also be publicly
displayed, including the date you joined, information relating to items you review, photos or
videos of items you purchased, your saved product listings that are grouped by you
(“Favorites and Collections”), , followers, those you follow, comments you post in our
community spaces, and information you decide to share via social networks. Your reviews
of shops or items you’ve purchased may also be shared on other platforms and search
engines, including Google.
For Sellers, some additional information will be publicly displayed. For example, your shop
name or or business name associated with your account (which you may modify and
update in your account settings) is publicly displayed.
Etsy Group Companies: We may share some of the information that we collect, such as
Buyer Account Information, Seller Account Information, Service Usage Information, Device
and Browser Information, and Cookie Information, with our corporate affiliates, which
include Etsy, Inc., Etsy Ireland UC, Etsy UK, Ltd., and other Etsy entities that help us
conduct business around the world (together, the “Etsy Group Companies”). We do not
share your personal information with our sister companies like Depop, Elo7 or Reverb. The
information shared among the Etsy Group Companies may be used for the purposes
described in this Privacy Policy and generally to operate our business, including for ID
verification purposes, transaction monitoring and payment processing or to provide
customer support, facilitate business development, administer user accounts or provide IT,
technical and engineering support.

16

Sellers: We may share aggregated information about your use of the Services to Sellers if
you are a frequent purchaser or a new Buyer, so they can provide you with better service
and so we can improve our Site and Apps.
Linked Third-Party Websites or Services: Some Members may choose to connect to Etsy
or register an Etsy account using an external third-party application, such as Facebook or
Google. Connecting your Etsy account to third-party applications or services is optional. If
you choose to connect your account to a third-party application, the providers of those
services or products may receive information about you that Etsy, you, or others share with
them. Please be aware that when you use third-party sites or services, their own terms
and privacy policies will govern your use of those sites or services.
You may also link your bank account or payment method to pay for purchases (or receive
payment, in the case of Sellers in select markets) through a third-party service available
through the Site or Etsy App. When you register with these third-party partners, we will tell
you what information is collected and what information the third-party will share with Etsy.
Business Partners: Etsy works closely with a number of business partners, such as our
shipping and payment partners, that assist us with providing the Services in accordance
with our Terms of Use. When one of these companies assists us in facilitating your
transaction, we, or they, may need to share information related to the transaction in order
to complete your order. Etsy also provides services or sells products jointly with affiliated
businesses, such as services that assist our Sellers with accounting or other small
business management services. These affiliated businesses may sell items or services to
you through the Services or offer promotions (including email promotions). In each case,
these partners will process your personal information in accordance with their own privacy
policies. We encourage you to read the privacy policies and ask questions of third parties
before you disclose your personal information to them.
Professional Advisors, Industry Partners, Authorities and Regulators: We share your
information described in Section 3 with our advisors and consultants, regulators and tax
authorities, law enforcement, government agencies, civil litigants, and industry partners
(for example, trade groups) to:
● comply with applicable law or regulations, court orders, subpoenas, legal process or
government requests;
● detect, investigate, prevent, or address actual or suspected fraud, violations of
Etsy’s Terms of Use, and other illegal activity or security and technical issues;
and/or
● protect the rights, property and safety of our Members, Etsy and the Etsy Group
Companies, or others, including to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Business Reorganization: In some cases, Etsy may choose to reorganize its business. In
these types of transactions (such as a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership, or transfer of
all or substantially all of Etsy’s assets), Member information is typically one of the business
assets that is transferred. If Etsy intends to transfer information about you, Etsy will notify
you by email or by putting a notice on the Site and the Apps.

17

Community Services: We engage third parties to assist in providing Community Services,
which includes the Etsy Forums and Teams, and need to share certain information about
you for these purposes. This may include, for example, Buyer Public Profile Information
and Seller Public Profile Information, the date that you registered on Etsy, as well as your
language and regional settings on the Site. For more information, see our Community
Policy.
Service Providers: Etsy also engages third-party companies and individuals (such as
research companies, analytics services, and security providers) to help us operate,
provide, and advertise the Services. These third parties have limited access to your
information, may use your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf, and are
prohibited from disclosing or using your information for other purposes. The types of
third-party service providers that we work with include:
Third-Party Service Providers What Information We Share

● Research companies
● Analytics providers
● Security providers
● Software service providers
● Infrastructure and technical service
providers
● Professional service providers
● Customer service or other outsourced
service providers

● Buyer Public Profile Information
● Seller Public Profile Information
● Buyer Account Information
● Seller Account Information
● Guest Checkout Information
● Transaction Information
● Forum/Community Information
● General Location Information
● Photos and Videos
● Customer Support Information
● Browser and Device Information
● Service Usage Information
● Survey Responses and Market
Research
● Analytics Information

4. How We Transfer Your Information
Etsy operates a global e-commerce platform. By using the Services, you acknowledge that
Etsy will use your information in the United States, Ireland and any other country where
the Etsy Group Companies operate. Please be aware that the privacy laws and standards
in certain countries, including the rights of authorities to access your personal information,
may differ from those that apply in the country in which you reside. To the extent that Etsy
is deemed to transfer personal information outside of the EEA, we rely separately,
alternatively, and independently on the following legal bases to transfer your information:
Adequacy Decisions Where available, we rely on decisions of the European Commission,
known as “adequacy decisions,” recognising that certain countries offer a level of
protection of personal data that is essentially equivalent to the EEA. A list of adequacy
decisions is available here via the European Commission website.

18

Standard Contractual Clauses Otherwise, we primarily rely on the European Commission’s
Standard Contractual Clauses for the international and onward transfer of personal data
outside of the EEA to third countries, including, for example, to the United States and
India. This includes transfers from Etsy Ireland UC to Etsy, Inc. and other Etsy Group
Companies. You can request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses by emailing
dpo@etsy.com.
Necessary for the Performance of the Contract Between Etsy and Its Users You can
choose whether or not to use the Etsy Services. As we operate in countries worldwide and
use technical infrastructure in the US to deliver the Services to you, in accordance with the
contract between us (our Terms of Use), we transfer your personal information to the US
and to other jurisdictions as necessary to provide the Services. Simply put, we can’t
provide you with the Services and perform our contract with you without moving your
personal information outside of your home country, including the UK or EEA

5. How We Protect Your Information
The security of your personal information is important to us. We protect your personal
information through technical and administrative measures designed to mitigate the risk of
unlawful or unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure or use of your
data. To protect your account, we encourage you to choose your password carefully and
enable two factor authentication (2FA) for signing in. You can learn more about enhancing
your account security in your account settings.
We use Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise in connection with our Services to help prevent
spam, fraud, and abuse. reCAPTCHA Enterprise collects hardware and software
information, such as device and application data, and sends it to Google for purposes of
providing, maintaining, and improving reCAPTCHA Enterprise and for general security
purposes. Your use of reCAPTCHA Enterprise is subject to Google’s Privacy Policy and
Terms of Use.

6. How Long We Store Your Information
Etsy will retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in
this Policy, for as long as your account is active, or as needed to comply with our legal
obligations under national applicable law. We decide how long we need information on a
case-by-case basis and depending on the retention laws applicable.
The following factors typically affect the retention period:
Necessity for the provision of our Services We keep your information as long as is
necessary to provide the Services to you. This includes things like maintaining and
improving the performance of our Sites and Apps, keeping our Services secure, and
maintaining appropriate business and financial records. Most of our retention periods are
determined on the basis of this general rule.
19

Consent-based processing of personal data If we process personal data on the basis of
consent (including consent to the extended storage), we store the data for as long as
necessary in order to process it according to your consent or until you withdraw your
consent.
Statutory, contractual or other similar obligations Etsy will retain and use your information
to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, for example, if we are
required to retain your information to comply with applicable tax/revenue laws or our Know
Your Customer (“KYC”) obligations.
Here's what we consider when we deciding how long to keep your information:
Purpose of Processing Retention Period

Information used to provide you with our
Services

Information we use to offer you our Services
is retained for the lifetime of your account.

Information used for regulatory compliance
and other legal obligations

Etsy will retain and use your information to
the extent necessary to comply with our
legal obligations, for example, if we are
required to retain your information to comply
with applicable tax/revenue laws or our
Know Your Customer (“KYC”) obligations.

Information used for other legitimate
purposes

We may retain your information for other
legitimate purposes, such as to prevent
harm; investigate possible violations of our
House Rules and Policies; promote safety,
security and integrity; or protect Etsy,
including our rights, property or platform.

7. Your Rights and Choices
Certain privacy laws around the world, including the European General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR), provide users with rights and choices related to their personal
information. Consistent with those laws, Etsy gives you the choice of accessing, editing, or
removing certain information, as well as choices about how we contact you. In addition,
subject to applicable law, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal
information, such as the following:
● Right to Access: You can access certain personal information associated with your
account by visiting your account privacy settings. You can request a copy of your
personal information in an easily accessible format, as well as information
explaining how that information is used. See this Help Center article for more
information.

20

● Right to Portability: You have the right to receive certain of your information which
you provided in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to
transmit such information to another controller.
● Right to Correction: You have the right to request that we rectify any inaccurate
information about you. By visiting your account settings, you can correct and
change certain personal information associated with your account.
● Right to Restrict Processing: In certain cases where we process your information,
you may also have the right to restrict or limit the ways in which we use your
personal information.
● Right to Deletion: In certain circumstances, you have the right to request the
deletion of your personal information, except information we are required to retain
by law, regulation, or to protect the safety, security, rights, and integrity of Etsy.
Please note that closing your account may not free up your email address,
username, or shop name (if any) for reuse on a new account. See this Help Center
article for more information.
● Right to Object: If we process your information based on our legitimate interests as
explained above, or in the public interest, you can object to this processing in
certain circumstances. In such cases, we will cease processing your information
unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is
needed for legal reasons.
● Right to Withdraw Consent: Where we rely on consent, you can choose to withdraw
your consent to our processing of your information using, for example, an email
unsubscribe link or your account privacy preferences. If you have consented to
share your precise device location details with us, you can revoke that consent
through the settings on your mobile device. This is without prejudice to your right to
generally permanently close your account and delete your personal information.
Please be aware that withdrawing consent will not affect the lawfulness of
processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
● Right to File a Complaint: If you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK,
you have the right to lodge a complaint about our practices with respect to your
personal information with the supervisory authority of your country or state.
● Right to File a Complaint: If you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK,
you have the right to lodge a complaint about our practices with respect to your
personal information with the supervisory authority of your country or state.
○ In the UK, the relevant data protection authority is the Information
Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire,
SK9 5AF, +44 (0303) 123 1113, casework@ico.org.uk.
○ In Ireland, the relevant data protection authority is the Data Protection
Commission, 21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2, D02 RD28, +353
017650100 / + 353 1800437737, email: info@dataprotection.ie or by using
this online form.

Please see the United States Regional Privacy Policy for information about privacy rights
provided under certain US state laws.
How to Exercise Your Rights and Choices. If you would like to manage, change, limit, or
delete your personal information, you can do so via your Etsy account settings.
Alternatively, you can exercise any of the rights above, subject to applicable law, through
the contact options set out in Section 11. Once you contact us to exercise any of your
rights, we will confirm receipt of your request. Limiting use of, or deleting, your personal

21

information may impact features and uses that rely on that information. Communication
Choices. You can opt out of receiving marketing emails by using the unsubscribe link in
our marketing emails or through your account settings. Certain communications from Etsy
are service-related or legally required and you will continue to receive them even if you opt
out of marketing emails.

8. Your Responsibilities
If you are a Seller on our Services or use Etsy’s API, you may receive certain personal
information and will have legal obligations in respect of this information. Your privacy
responsibilities, including when you act as an independent data controller (someone who
decides what personal data to collect and the purpose you use the data for) are laid out in
the Etsy Seller Policy and the Etsy API Terms of Use.

9. Privacy Policy Changes
We may amend or update this policy from time to time. If we believe that the changes are
material, we’ll let you know by posting the changes through the Services and sending you
an email or message about the changes. We encourage you to check back regularly and
review any updates.

10. Additional Disclosures for United States Residents
In certain US states, including California, Virginia, Colorado, Utah, and Connecticut, you
may be entitled to additional rights or disclosures. Please see our United States Regional
Privacy Policy, where you can learn more about how we use your information and any
additional privacy rights you may have.

11. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions:
● Contact Etsy’s Support team via our Help Center
● Chat Support (available on our Site)
● Send an email to Etsy's Data Protection Officer at dpo@etsy.com
● Write to us at one of the following addresses:
In North America or South America: Etsy Support Team – Privacy Policy 117 Adams Street
Brooklyn, NY 11201, USA
Outside of North America or South America: Etsy Support Team – Privacy Policy 66/67
Great Strand Street Dublin 1, Ireland

22