Privacy Policy

What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and share your information. It also describes how long we keep your information and how we keep it safe when we transfer it.
The Privacy Policy also lets you know your rights
This policy applies to what we call Meta Products, or Products. Our Products include Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and Portal.
It also applies to Meta Quest if you log in with a Facebook or Meta account
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use  in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of the Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.


What information do we collect?

In this policy we list the kinds of information we collect. Here are some important ones. We collect:

The information you give us when you sign up for our Products and create a profile, like your email address or phone number
What you do on our Products. This includes what you click on or like, your posts and photos and messages you send. If you use end-to-end encrypted messaging, we can't read those messages unless users report them to us for review.
Who your friends or followers are, and what they do on our Products
Information from the phone, computer, or tablet you use our Products on, like what kind it is and what version of our app you’re using
Information from partners about things you do both on and off of our Products. This could include other websites you visit, apps you use or online games you play.

Your activity and information you provide

On our products, you can send messages, take photos and videos, buy or sell things and much more. We call all of the things you can do on our Products "activity." We collect your activity across our Products and information you provide, such as:

Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features.
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to applicable law. We can't see the content of end-to-end encrypted messages unless users report them to us for review.
Metadata about content and messages, subject to applicable law
Types of content, including ads, you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them.
Purchases or other transactions you make, such as through Meta checkout experiences, including credit card information.
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products


Information with special protections

You might choose to provide information about your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership. These and other types of information could have special protections under the laws of your jurisdiction.

Information we collect about your friends, followers and other connections

We collect information about friends, followers, groups, accounts, Facebook Pages and other users and communities you’re connected to and interact with. This includes how you interact with them across our Products and which ones you interact with the most.

Information we collect about contacts

We also collect your contacts’ information, such as their name and email address or phone number, if you choose to upload or import it from a device, like by syncing an address book.
If you don’t use Meta Products, or use them without an account, your information might still be collected.

Information we collect or infer about you based on others’ activity

We collect information about you based on others' activity.
We also infer things about you based on others' activity. For example:

We may suggest a friend to you through Facebook's People You May Know feature if you both appear on a contact list that someone uploads.
We take into account whether your friends belong to a group when we suggest you join it.

App, browser and device information

We collect and receive information from and about the different devices you use and how you use them.

Device information we collect and receive includes:

The device and software you’re using, and other device characteristics.
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’, including Family Device IDs.
Signals from your device.
Information you’ve shared with us through device settings, like GPS location, camera access, photos and related metadata.
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Some location-related information, even if Location Services is turned off in your device settings. This includes using IP addresses to estimate your general location.
Information about our Products’ performance on your device.
Information from cookies and similar technologies.

Information from partners, vendors and other third parties

We collect and receive information from partners, measurement vendors, marketing vendors and  other third parties about a variety of your information and activities on and off our Products.

Here are some examples about information we receive about you:

Your device information
Websites you visit and cookie data, like through Social Plugins or the Meta Pixel
Apps you use
Games you play
Purchases and transactions you make off of our Products using non-Meta checkout experiences
Your demographics, like your education level
The ads you see and how you interact with them
How you use our partners’ products and services, online or in person

Partners also share information like your email address, IP address and advertising device ID with us. This helps us match your activities with your account, if you have one.

We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products.

Partners also share with us their communications with you if they instruct us to provide services to their business, like helping them manage their communications. To learn how a business processes or shares your information, read their privacy policy or contact them directly.

Partners use our Business Tools, integrations and Meta Audience Network technologies to share information with us.

These partners collect your information when you visit their site or app or use their services, or through other businesses or organizations they work with. We require partners to have the right to collect, use and share your information before giving it to us.

How do we use your information?

Here are some of the ways we use your information:

We personalize your experience, like by suggesting reels to watch or communities to join
We improve our Products by applying information about what you use them to do, and what else is happening on your device when our app crashes
We work to prevent harmful behavior and keep people safe on our Products
We send you messages about the Products you use or ones you might like, if you let us
We research for the good of people around the world, like to advance technology or to help out in a crisis

We use information we collect to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads, along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.

For some of these purposes, we use information across our Products and across your devices. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use manual review to access and review your information.

To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.

Here are the ways we use your information:

To provide, personalize and improve our Products

We use information we have to provide and improve our Products. This includes personalizing features, content and recommendations, such as your Facebook Feed, Instagram feed, Stories and ads. We use information with special protections you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.

Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:

How we show ads and other sponsored or commercial content

When you use our Products, you see ads and sponsored or commercial content, like product listings in Shops. You also see ads shown through Meta Audience Network or commercial content when you visit other apps. We want everything you see to be interesting and useful to you.

To decide what to show you and others, we use information we have about you, including:

Your profile information
Your activity on and off our Products, including information we receive through cookies and similar technologies, according to your settings
Content you create or interact with across Facebook and Instagram
Things we infer about you, like topics we think you may be interested in
Information about your friends, followers or other connections, including their activity or interests

How we use information to improve our Products

We’re always trying to make our Products better and create new ones with the features you want. Information we collect from you helps us learn how.

We use information we collect to:

See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better

How we use location-related information

We use location-related information that you allow us to receive if you turn on the Location Services device setting. This includes things like your GPS location and, depending on the operating system you're using, other device signals.

We also receive and use some location-related information even if Location Services is turned off. This includes:

IP addresses which we use to estimate your general location. We can use IP addresses to estimate your specific location if it’s necessary to protect the safety and security of you or others.
Your and others' activity on our Products, like check-ins and events
Information you give us directly, like if you enter your current city on your profile, or provide your address in Marketplace

We use location-related information, such as your current location, where you live, the places you like to go and the businesses and people you're near, to do the things described in the "How do we use your information?" section of the Policy, like:

Provide, personalize and improve our Products, including ads, for you and others.
Detect suspicious activity and help keep your account secure.

To promote safety, security and integrity

We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.

Here are some ways we promote safety, security and integrity. We work to:

Verify accounts and activity
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board. They may use information we have when they review our decisions.
Investigate suspicious activity
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behaviour.
Identify and combat disparities and racial bias against historically marginalized communities
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences
Detect when someone needs help and provide support
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property
Maintain the integrity of our Products

To provide measurement, analytics and business services

Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.

To provide measurement and analytics services, we use the information we collect about you across your accounts on our Products.

Our measurement and analytics services help our partners understand things like:

How many people see and interact with their products, services or content, including posts, videos, Facebook Pages, listings, Shops and ads (including those shown through apps using Meta Audience Network)
How people interact with their content, websites, apps and services
What types of people (for example, we might tell an advertiser that their ad was seen by women aged 25–34 who live in Madrid and like software engineering) interact with their content or use their services
How people use our partners' products and services to connect to Meta Products, the performance of their connection and networks and users' experience with them



To communicate with you

We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile. 

We communicate with you in a few different ways. For example:

We send messages about the Products we know you use, using the email you register to your account
Depending on your settings, we send marketing communications about Products you might like
We ask you to participate in research based on things like how you use our Products
We let you know about our policies and terms of service
When you contact us with questions, we reply to your email
We facilitate customer support communications with you when you've told us, either directly or through a third party, that you have questions or concerns about our Products

We also use information about how you interact with our messages, like if you open an email from us. This helps us understand the best way to reach you and whether our communications are helpful.

To research and innovate for social good

We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.

We research and innovate to help people around the world. Our goals include:

Contributing to social good and areas of public interest
Advancing technology
Improving safety, health and well-being

Here are some examples of our research:

We analyze information about where groups of people go during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We work with independent researchers to better understand the impact social media might have on elections and democratic processes
We’ve collaborated with academics and industry experts to help improve internet access and quality in rural areas
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning to do things like create COVID-19 forecasting models

How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?

You can choose to share information on our Products or with integrated partners
Remember to share only with people you trust
You might decide to use a product that integrates with one of ours, like if you use Facebook Login to log into a music service or a shopping site
If you do, that organization will ask you to receive some information about you, like your email address or birthday

On Meta Products

People and accounts you share and communicate with

When you share and communicate using our Products, you can sometimes choose the audience for what you share.

When you interact with people or businesses, they can see:

What you share with them

For example, the audience you choose can see when you:

Share a post you’ve written
Share a photo or video
Create a story
Share a news article
Add information to your profile

What you communicate with them

People you interact with can see what you send to them. So if you send a person or a business a message on Messenger or Instagram, that person or business can read your message.

Some of your activity

People and businesses can also see some of your activity on our Products. This includes when you:

Comment on or react to others’ posts
Engage with ads or other sponsored or commercial content, like by commenting or liking
Allow content you've shared about a product in a Shop to be shared across our Products
View their story on Facebook or Instagram
Connect a new Meta device, like Portal or Ray-Ban Stories, to your account

When you’re active

Some of our Products might provide you with settings that allow others to see when you're active on our Products, such as “active status.” In some cases, we also offer settings that allow others to see when you’re active in a particular section of one of our Products, like a message thread, game or event, or when you last used one of our Products.

Content others share or reshare about you

Who can see or reshare your content

People in your audience can view your content and can choose to share it with others outside your audience, on and off our Products. For example, when you share a post or send a message to specific friends, they can download, screenshot or reshare it with anyone, on, across or off our Products.

When you comment on a post or react to a photo, your comment or reaction can be seen by anyone who can see the post or photo. This can include people you aren’t connected to. The person who shared the post can also change their audience at any time after you’ve interacted with it.

How information about you can be shared

People who use our Products can share information about you with the audience they choose. For example, they can:

Share a photo or video of you in a post, comment, story, reel or message
Mention you in a post or story
Tag you in a post, comment, story or location
Share details about you in a post, story or message

Public content

What content is public?

Some of your information and activity are always public. This includes your name, Facebook and Instagram username, profile picture and activity on public Facebook Pages and groups.

Other content you can choose to set to Public, like posts, photos and videos you post to your profile, Stories or Reels.

Who can see public content?

When content is public, it can be seen by anyone on or across our Products, and in some cases off our Products, even if they don’t have an account.

For example, if you comment on Marketplace, a public Facebook Page or a public Instagram account, or if you leave a rating or review, your comment, rating or review will be visible to anyone. It could appear in any of our Products or be seen by anyone, including off our Products.

Where can public content be shared?

We, you and people using our Products can send public content (like your profile photo, or information you share on a Facebook Page or public Instagram account) to anyone on, across or off our Products. For example, users can share it in a public forum, or it can appear in search results on the internet.

Public content can also be seen, accessed, reshared or downloaded through third-party services, like:

Search engines
APIs
The media, like TV
Other apps and websites connected to our Products

With integrated partners

You can choose to connect with integrated who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.

These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:

When you use an integrated partner’s product or service

Information they receive automatically

When you use an integrated partner’s products or services, they can access:

What you post or share from these products or services
What you use their services to do
Information from and about the device you’re using
The language setting you’ve chosen on our Products

Information they receive with your permission

Sometimes these integrated partners ask you for permission to access certain additional information from your Facebook, Instagram or Messenger account. In their request, they’ll explain what information they’d like to access and let you choose whether to share it.

On Facebook, this includes things like your email address, hometown or birthday. On Instagram, this includes content, like photos and videos, that you’ve shared from your account when the account was set to private.

We automatically log when you receive a request from an integrated partner to access your information. These requests to access information are separate from the Apps and Websites access that you manage in your Facebook or Instagram ad settings or in your mobile device settings.

How long they can access your information

Apps or websites you’ve logged into using Facebook Login or connected to your Instagram account can access your nonpublic information on Meta Products unless it appears to us that you haven’t used the app or website in 90 days. Note that even if an app’s access to your information has expired, it can still retain information you shared with it previously.

We encourage you to visit your Apps and Websites settings from time to time to review which apps and websites continue to have access to your information through Facebook Login or Instagram.

When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service

Integrated partners receive information about your activity when you interact with other Facebook, Instagram or Messenger users while they’re using the integrated partner’s product or service.

For example, a gamer livestreams to Facebook using a partner app. Then you comment on that livestream. The app developer will receive information about your comment.

How integrated partners handle your information

Integrated partners handle the information you share with them according to their own terms and policies, not Meta’s. You can review their privacy policy on their website or app to learn how they receive and process your information. In some cases, they use a separate service provider to receive and process your information.


How do we share information with third parties?

We share certain information with:

Advertisers who show ads on our Products
Businesses we hire to market our Products for us
Businesses we hire to do things like offer customer service or conduct surveys
Researchers who use it to do things like innovate, advance technology, or improve people’s safety

We don’t sell your information, and we never will.

We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require partners and other third parties to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.

Here’s more detail about who we share information with:

Partners 

Advertisers and Audience Network publishers

Advertisers

We provide advertisers with reports about the number and kinds of people who see and engage with their ads and commercial content. These reports include information about the general demographics and interests of people who engaged with an advertiser’s ad or commercial content. Then advertisers can better understand their audience.

Meta also provides advertisers and their vendors with information about:

Ads and commercial content people engaged with, if any
When people engaged with ads and commercial content
Where that ad or commercial content was shown (for example, on Instagram, or on Facebook)

We also confirm which ads or commercial content you viewed that led you to take an action with an advertiser, such as downloading an advertiser's app. But we don't share information with these advertisers and their vendors that by itself can be used to contact or identify you, such as your name or email address, unless you give us permission.


Audience Network publishers and their vendors

Meta Audience Network lets advertisers place ads with us that will be published on other apps and websites outside of Meta.

To help show you ads on their apps and websites, we share information with publishers who use Audience Network, as well as vendors who facilitate that use. For example, we share:

How many people see and engage with ads on publisher apps
Information related to or in response to a publisher’s request to serve an ad on its app.

But we don't share information with these publishers and their vendors that by itself can be used to contact or identify you, such as your name or email address, unless you give us permission.

Vendors

Measurement vendors

We don’t create every measurement and analytics report ourselves.

We share information (like whether people saw an ad or engaged with it) with our measurement vendors, who aggregate it to provide their reports.

For example, an advertiser might ask a measurement vendor to help figure out the impact its ads on Facebook have had on sales. The measurement vendor compares information from us about clicks on the advertiser’s Facebook ads with information from the advertiser about product purchases. Then the measurement vendor creates and provides aggregated reports that show the advertiser how its ads are performing.

Marketing vendors

We share information about you with marketing vendors. For example, we share your device identifier or other identifiers with marketing vendors to help us serve you ads most relevant to your interests.

Marketing vendors support our marketing and advertising efforts by:

Serving our advertisements across the internet, including on mobile, desktop and connected television devices
Tracking and categorizing your online and mobile app activity
Providing us information about your interests and community and advertising interactions

These marketing vendors help us understand who might find our advertising most relevant to their interests, and which of our Products might interest you. This information can be used to personalize which of our ads are shown to you. Marketing vendors also use this information to measure response to our marketing efforts and the effectiveness of our advertising.

Service providers

Service providers provide services to us that help us provide our Products to you. We share the information we have about you to receive these services, which include:

Investigating suspicious activity
Detecting and stopping threats to our personnel and property
Facilitating payments
Providing customer support
Improving the functionality of our Products 
Providing technical infrastructure services
Analyzing how our Products are used 
Conducting research and surveys
Marketing and promoting our Products

Third parties

External researchers

We provide information to external researchers. They use it to conduct research that advances scholarship and innovation, and to promote safety, security and integrity.
Research goals include supporting:

Our business or mission
Social good
Technological advancement
Safety and security on our Products
Public interest
Health and well-being 

When sharing information with external researchers, we ensure the privacy of our users is protected.

Other third parties 

We also share information with other third parties in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.

And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.

How do the Meta Companies work together?

Meta owns Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, Portal and the other Products covered by this policy
Meta also owns the Meta Companies, which include WhatsApp
Sometimes we share information within these Companies
We do this to make new features or shared experiences between different products. Then you can do things like use WhatsApp to chat on Portal.
We also share information, like your name and email address, to help verify your accounts, and check out suspicious activities. This helps us keep your accounts safe.

We are part of the Meta Companies that provide Meta Company Products. Meta Company Products include all the Meta Products covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp, Novi and more.

We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.

We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a service provider for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.

Why we share across the Meta Companies

Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To personalize offers, ads and other sponsored or commercial content
To develop and provide features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products


How can you manage or delete your information and exercise your rights?

You have rights to view and download the information we have about you
You can use the settings in this section to manage your privacy
You also can delete your account or specific account information, if you want to

We offer you a variety of tools to view, manage, download and delete your information below. You can also manage your information by visiting the settings of the Products you use. You may also have other privacy rights under applicable laws.

To exercise your rights, visit our Help Centers, your settings for Facebook and Instagram and your device-based settings.

Take a privacy checkup: https://l.instagram.com/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fprivacy%2Fcheckup%2F&e=AT1JX0jlyr3pPcJBxyMvcj76Zj5DFuDkEEc_gBs4l14nyWbmr_p75QuW_6bqEcdwpDv2Amdzfj5gFiZtJZ9cN_tLwKivJ7_-yUNUkX7pBbj28H6_Gbs38jq5lacl-EPPKfdF8Qwh6KKnfx_cege0ksYgGr9o

Manage your data: https://l.instagram.com/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fhelp%2Fcontact%2F1638046109617856&e=AT1JX0jlyr3pPcJBxyMvcj76Zj5DFuDkEEc_gBs4l14nyWbmr_p75QuW_6bqEcdwpDv2Amdzfj5gFiZtJZ9cN_tLwKivJ7_-yUNUkX7pBbj28H6_Gbs38jq5lacl-EPPKfdF8Qwh6KKnfx_cege0ksYgGr9o

Ad preferences

Manage the ads you see on our Products: https://accountscenter.facebook.com/ad_preferences

Manage Meta ads you see off our Products:

We advertise our own products and services on non-Meta ad platforms. We use marketing vendors to deliver these ads. Here’s how to opt out of our tailored ads you see off our Products:

Cookie-based opt out:
If applicable and available in your jurisdiction, you may use the Digital Advertising Alliance (https://l.instagram.com/?u=https%3A%2F%2Foptout.aboutads.info%2F%3Fc%3D2&e=AT1JX0jlyr3pPcJBxyMvcj76Zj5DFuDkEEc_gBs4l14nyWbmr_p75QuW_6bqEcdwpDv2Amdzfj5gFiZtJZ9cN_tLwKivJ7_-yUNUkX7pBbj28H6_Gbs38jq5lacl-EPPKfdF8Qwh6KKnfx_cege0ksYgGr9o) industry opt-out platform, available in English and Spanish. Residents of Canada may use the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (https://l.instagram.com/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fyouradchoices.ca%2F&e=AT1JX0jlyr3pPcJBxyMvcj76Zj5DFuDkEEc_gBs4l14nyWbmr_p75QuW_6bqEcdwpDv2Amdzfj5gFiZtJZ9cN_tLwKivJ7_-yUNUkX7pBbj28H6_Gbs38jq5lacl-EPPKfdF8Qwh6KKnfx_cege0ksYgGr9o) industry opt-out platform. If you apply certain ad blockers and tools to restrict cookies, it may interfere with your ability to opt out.
Mobile phone-based opt out: 
Check your mobile device settings. Different manufacturers provide different ways to opt out of advertisements.
Other online identifiers:
You may use the NAI (https://l.instagram.com/?u=https%3A%2F%2Foptout.networkadvertising.org%2F&e=AT1JX0jlyr3pPcJBxyMvcj76Zj5DFuDkEEc_gBs4l14nyWbmr_p75QuW_6bqEcdwpDv2Amdzfj5gFiZtJZ9cN_tLwKivJ7_-yUNUkX7pBbj28H6_Gbs38jq5lacl-EPPKfdF8Qwh6KKnfx_cege0ksYgGr9o) industry opt-out platform.

How long do we keep your information? 

We keep information for as long as we need it to provide a feature or service
But you can request that we delete your information
We’ll delete that information unless we have to keep it for something else, like for legal reasons

We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:

If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products 


In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time. 

Why we may preserve your information longer

Your information, including financial transaction data related to purchases or money transfers made on our Products, may be preserved and accessed for a longer time period if it’s related to any of the following:

A legal request or obligation, including obligations of Meta Companies or to comply with applicable law
A governmental investigation
An investigation of possible violations of our terms or policies
To prevent harm
For safety, security and integrity purposes
To protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
If it’s needed in relation to a legal claim, complaint, litigation or regulatory proceedings

In some cases, we may preserve your information based on the above reasons even after you request deletion of your account or some of your content. We may also preserve information from accounts that have been disabled and content that has been removed for violations of our terms and policies.

How do we transfer information? 

Because we connect people all around the world, we need to transfer information all around the world, too
When we do this, we follow international regulations to keep your information safe

Why is information transferred to other countries?

We share the information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers, and externally with our partners, measurement vendors, service providers and other third parties. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary for a variety of reasons, including:

So we can operate and provide the services stated in the terms of the Meta Product you’re using and this Policy. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe.
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products

Where is the information transferred?

Your information will be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in: 

Places we have infrastructure or data centers, including the United States, Ireland, Denmark and Sweden, among others
Countries where Meta Company Products are available
Other countries where our partners, vendors, service providers and other third parties are located outside of the country where you live, for purposes as described in this Policy

How do we safeguard your information?

We rely on appropriate mechanisms for international data transfers.

We also make sure that appropriate safeguards are in place whenever we transfer your information. For example, we encrypt your information when it’s in transit over public networks to protect it from unauthorized access.

How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?

Sometimes we have to provide information to respond to legal requests when necessary.
If there’s a law that says we need to keep your information for some reason, we need to comply with it. So we’ll keep information to obey that law.
We also sometimes keep information that we think will help prevent or stop bad activity, either on our Products or in the world

We access, preserve, use and share your information:

In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities. about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta Products, users, employees, property and the public.

We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.


Your Commitments

In return for our commitment to provide the Service, we require you to make the below commitments to us.

Who Can Use Instagram. We want our Service to be as open and inclusive as possible, but we also want it to be safe, secure, and in accordance with the law. So, we need you to commit to a few restrictions in order to be part of the Instagram community.

You must be at least 13 years old or the minimum legal age in your country to use Instagram.
You must not be prohibited from receiving any aspect of our Service under applicable laws or engaging in payments related Services if you are on an applicable denied party listing.
We must not have previously disabled your account for violation of law or any of our policies.
You must not be a convicted sex offender.

How You Can't Use Instagram. Providing a safe and open Service for a broad community requires that we all do our part.

You can't impersonate others or provide inaccurate information.
You don't have to disclose your identity on Instagram, but you must provide us with accurate and up to date information (including registration information), which may include providing personal data. Also, you may not impersonate someone or something you aren't, and you can't create an account for someone else unless you have their express permission.
You can't do anything unlawful, misleading, or fraudulent or for an illegal or unauthorized purpose.
You can't violate (or help or encourage others to violate) these Terms or our policies, including in particular the Instagram Community Guidelines (https://help.instagram.com/477434105621119?ref=igtos&helpref=faq_content), Meta Platform Terms and Developer Policies (https://l.instagram.com/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fdevelopers.facebook.com%2Fterms&e=AT0aHFxTIflpHqtO0LFoWmwU81AaX-qsEn0Id_IPOFLRMJOr7K06JmY2b_vCcSZZ8N6REZkGHNMaaipCJuWtTgT0-XViYy2iCfd_YnBKaBYc8QiuDeDqby7RsNzTEDVAa_PvMxnyQt7gJezcFbPHisFeQ7dk), and Music Guidelines (https://l.instagram.com/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Flegal%2Fmusic_guidelines&e=AT0aHFxTIflpHqtO0LFoWmwU81AaX-qsEn0Id_IPOFLRMJOr7K06JmY2b_vCcSZZ8N6REZkGHNMaaipCJuWtTgT0-XViYy2iCfd_YnBKaBYc8QiuDeDqby7RsNzTEDVAa_PvMxnyQt7gJezcFbPHisFeQ7dk). If you post branded content, you must comply with our Branded Content Policies (https://l.instagram.com/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fpolicies%2Fbrandedcontent%2F&e=AT0aHFxTIflpHqtO0LFoWmwU81AaX-qsEn0Id_IPOFLRMJOr7K06JmY2b_vCcSZZ8N6REZkGHNMaaipCJuWtTgT0-XViYy2iCfd_YnBKaBYc8QiuDeDqby7RsNzTEDVAa_PvMxnyQt7gJezcFbPHisFeQ7dk), which require you to use our branded content tool.
You can't do anything to interfere with or impair the intended operation of the Service.
This includes misusing any reporting, dispute, or appeals channel, such as by making fraudulent or groundless reports or appeals.
You can't attempt to create accounts or access or collect information in unauthorized ways.
This includes creating accounts or collecting information in an automated way without our express permission.
You can’t sell, license, or purchase any account or data obtained from us or our Service.
This includes attempts to buy, sell, or transfer any aspect of your account (including your username); solicit, collect, or use login credentials or badges of other users; or request or collect Instagram usernames, passwords, or misappropriate access tokens.
You can't post someone else’s private or confidential information without permission or do anything that violates someone else's rights, including intellectual property rights (e.g., copyright infringement, trademark infringement, counterfeit, or pirated goods).
You may use someone else's works under exceptions or limitations to copyright and related rights under applicable law. You represent you own or have obtained all necessary rights to the content you post or share. Learn more, including how to report content that you think infringes your intellectual property rights, (https://l.instagram.com/?u=http%3A%2F%2Fhelp.instagram.com%2F535503073130320%3Fref%3Digtos%26helpref%3Dfaq_content&e=AT0LXtoXz6IQwU3K-vaDNHzSX-EQKs_xfB9NSl7Fbzoe_0NTH1XikxhaZoJ3M4PtZ5vbOit8nUi-K1XuzAkvkeVIjtQvkG1rS12NfuhYP8ITV2T0-AqRxCu2dAdA51ViGdxNrQQXD7wSd7kQ_fMj55vB2_NX).  
You can’t modify, translate, create derivative works of, or reverse engineer our products or their components.
You can't use a domain name or URL in your username without our prior written consent.

Permissions You Give to Us. As part of our agreement, you also give us permissions that we need to provide the Service.

We do not claim ownership of your content, but you grant us a license to use it.
Nothing is changing about your rights in your content. We do not claim ownership of your content that you post on or through the Service and you are free to share your content with anyone else, wherever you want. However, we need certain legal permissions from you (known as a “license”) to provide the Service. When you share, post, or upload content that is covered by intellectual property rights (like photos or videos) on or in connection with our Service, you hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to host, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly perform or display, translate, and create derivative works of your content (consistent with your privacy and application settings). This license will end when your content is deleted from our systems. You can delete content individually or all at once by deleting your account.
Permission to use your username, profile picture, and information about your relationships and actions with accounts, ads, and sponsored content.
You give us permission to show your username, profile picture, and information about your actions (such as likes) or relationships (such as follows) next to or in connection with accounts, ads, offers, and other sponsored content that you follow or engage with that are displayed on Meta Products, without any compensation to you. For example, we may show that you liked a sponsored post created by a brand that has paid us to display its ads on Instagram. As with actions on other content and follows of other accounts, actions on sponsored content and follows of sponsored accounts can be seen only by people who have permission to see that content or follow. We will also respect your ad settings. 
You agree that we can download and install updates to the Service on your device.



Additional Rights We Retain

If you select a username or similar identifier for your account, we may change it if we believe it is appropriate or necessary (for example, if it infringes someone's intellectual property or impersonates another user).
If you use content covered by intellectual property rights that we have and make available in our Service (for example, images, designs, videos, or sounds we provide that you add to content you create or share), we retain all rights to our content (but not yours).
You can only use our intellectual property and trademarks or similar marks as expressly permitted by our Brand Guidelines (https://www.facebook.com/brand/instagram/guidelines/system-overview/) or with our prior written permission.
You must obtain written permission from us or under an open source license to modify, create derivative works of, decompile, or otherwise attempt to extract source code from us.

Content Removal and Disabling or Terminating Your Account

We can remove any content or information you share on the Service if we believe that it violates these Terms of Use, our policies, or we are permitted or required to do so by law. We can refuse to provide or stop providing all or part of the Service to you (including terminating or disabling your access to the Meta Products and Meta Company Products) immediately to protect our community or services, or if you create risk or legal exposure for us, violate these Terms of Use or our policies, if you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights, or where we are permitted or required to do so by law. We can also terminate or change the Service, remove or block content or information shared on our Service, or stop providing all or part of the Service if we determine that doing so is reasonably necessary to avoid or mitigate adverse legal or regulatory impacts on us. When you request to delete content or your account, the deletion process will automatically begin no more than 30 days after your request. It may take up to 90 days to delete content after the deletion process begins. While the deletion process for such content is being undertaken, the content is no longer visible to other users, but remains subject to these Terms of Use and our Data Policy. After the content is deleted, it may take us up to another 90 days to remove it from backups and disaster recovery systems. 

Content will not be deleted within 90 days of the account deletion or content deletion process beginning in the following situations:
where your content has been used by others in accordance with this license and they have not deleted it (in which case this license will continue to apply until that content is deleted); or
where deletion within 90 days is not possible due to technical limitations of our systems, in which case, we will complete the deletion as soon as technically feasible; or
where deletion would restrict our ability to:
investigate or identify illegal activity or violations of our terms and policies (for example, to identify or investigate misuse of our products or systems);
protect the safety and security of our products, systems, and users;
comply with a legal obligation, such as the preservation of evidence; or
comply with a request of a judicial or administrative authority, law enforcement or a government agency;
in which case, the content will be retained for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it has been retained (the exact duration will vary on a case-by-case basis).
If you delete or we disable your account, these Terms shall terminate as an agreement between you and us, but this section and the section below called "Our Agreement and What Happens if We Disagree" will still apply even after your account is terminated, disabled, or deleted.
Updating these terms

We may change our Service and policies, and we may need to make changes to these Terms so that they accurately reflect our Service and policies. Unless otherwise required by law, we will notify you (for example, through our Service) before we make changes to these Terms and give you an opportunity to review them before they go into effect. Then, if you continue to use the Service, you will be bound by the updated Terms. If you do not want to agree to these or any updated Terms, you can delete your account.
