Privacy Policy

Last updated: January 2, 2024
Welcome to TikTok. This Privacy Policy applies to TikTok services (the “Platform”), which include TikTok apps, websites, software and related services accessed via any platform or device that link to this Privacy Policy. The Platform is provided and controlled by TikTok Pte. Ltd., with its registered address at 1 Raffles Quay, #26-10, South Tower, Singapore 048583 (“TikTok”, “we” or “us”).
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal information of users, and other individuals in connection with our Platform. If you do not agree with this policy, you should not use the Platform.
What information we collect
We may collect the following information about you:
Information You Provide
Your profile information. You give us information when you register on the Platform, including your username, password, date of birth (where applicable), email address and/or telephone number, information you disclose in your user profile, and your photograph or profile video.
User content. We process the content you generate on the Platform, including photographs, audios and videos you upload or create, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and livestreams you make, and the associated metadata, such as when, where, and by whom the content was created (“User Content”). Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in User Content created or published by users on the Platform. We collect User Content through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that User Content, in order to recommend audio options and provide other personalized recommendations. If you apply an effect to your User Content, we may collect a version of your User Content that does not include the effect.
Messages. We collect information you provide when you compose, send, or receive messages through the Platform’s messaging functionalities. They include messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when communicating with merchants who sell goods to you, and your use of virtual assistants when purchasing items through the Platform. That information includes the content of the message and information about the message, such as when it was sent, received, or read, and message participants. Please be aware that messages you choose to send to other users of the Platform will be accessible by those users and that we are not responsible for the manner in which those users use or share the messages.
We may access content, including text, images, and video, found in your device’s clipboard, with your permission. For example, if you choose to initiate content sharing with a third-party platform, or choose to paste content from the clipboard into the Platform, we access this information stored in your clipboard in order to fulfill your request.
Purchase information. When you make a purchase or payment on or through the Platform, including when you buy TikTok Coins or purchase goods through our shopping features, we collect information about the purchase or payment transaction, such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and items you purchased.
Your phone and social network contacts. If you choose to sync your phone contacts, we will access and collect information such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information against existing users of the Platform. If you choose to share your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts.
Proof of your identity or age. We sometimes ask you to provide proof of identity or age in order to use certain features, such as livestream or verified accounts, or when you apply for a Business Account, ensure that you are old enough to use the Platform, or in other instances where verification may be required.
Information in correspondence you send to us, including when you contact us for support or feedback.
Information through surveys, research, promotion, contests, marketing campaigns, challenges, competitions or events conducted or sponsored by us, in which you participate.
Automatically Collected Information
Usage Information. We collect information regarding your use of the Platform, e.g., how you engage with the Platform, including how you interact with content we show to you, the advertisements you view, videos you watch and problems encountered, browsing and search history, the content you like, the content you save to ‘My Favourites’, the users you follow and how you engage with mutual followers.
Inferred Information. We also infer your attributes, including your interests, gender and age range for the purpose of personalising content.
Technical Information we collect about you. We collect certain information about the device you use to access the Platform, such as your IP address, user agent, mobile carrier, time zone settings, identifiers for advertising purposes, model of your device, the device system, network type, device IDs, your screen resolution and operating system, app and file names and types, keystroke patterns or rhythms, battery state, audio settings and connected audio devices. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we will be able to use your profile information to identify your activity across devices. We may also associate you with information collected from devices other than those you use to log-in to the Platform.
Location Information. We collect information about your approximate location, including location information based on your SIM card and/or IP address. With your permission, we may also collect precise location data (such as GPS). In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add location information to your User Content.
Image and Audio Information. We may collect information about the videos, images and audio that are a part of your User Content, such as identifying the objects and scenery that appear, the existence and location within an image of face and body features and attributes, the nature of the audio, and the text of the words spoken in your User Content. We may collect this information to enable special video effects, for content moderation, for demographic classification, for content and ad recommendations, and for other non-personally-identifying operations.
Cookies. We and our service providers and business partners use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies, etc.) (“Cookies”) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze how you use the Platform, including which pages you view most often and how you interact with content, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve the Platform, provide you with advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and other content. We and our partners also use Cookies to promote the Platform on other platforms and websites. Cookies enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. To learn how to disable certain Cookies, see the “Your rights and choices” section below.
Information From Other Sources
We may receive the information described in this Privacy Policy from other sources, such as:
If you choose to register or use the Platform using a third-party social network account details (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google) or login service, you will provide us or allow to provide us with your username, public profile, and other possible information related to such account. We will likewise share certain information with your social network such as your app ID, access token and the referring URL. If you link your TikTok account to another service, we may receive information about your use of that service.
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their websites or apps by integrating our TikTok Advertiser Tools (such as TikTok Pixel).
We may obtain information about you from certain affiliated entities within our corporate group, including about your activities on their platforms.
We may receive information about you from others, including where you are included or mentioned in User Content, direct messages, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted to us, or if your contact information is provided to us. We may collect information about you from other publicly available sources.
We may receive information from merchants and payment and transaction fulfillment providers about you, such as payment confirmation details, and information about the delivery of products you have purchased through our shopping features.
How we use your information
As explained below, we use your information to improve, support and administer the Platform, to allow you to use its functionalities, and to fulfill and enforce our Terms of Service. We may also use your information to, among other things, personalise content you see on the Platform, promote the Platform, and customize your ad experience. We generally use the information we collect in the following ways:
To fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback.
To provide our shopping features and facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, including sharing your information with merchants, payment and transaction fulfillment providers, and other service providers in order to process your orders.
To personalise the content you see when you use the Platform. For example, we may provide you with services based on the country settings you have chosen or show you content that is similar to content that you have liked or interacted with.
To send promotional materials, including by instant messaging or email, from us or on behalf of our affiliates and trusted third parties.
To improve and develop our Platform and conduct product development.
To measure and understand the effectiveness of the advertisements and other content we serve to you and others, and to deliver advertising, including targeted advertising, to you on the Platform.
To support the social functions of the Platform, including to permit you and others to connect with each other (for example, through our Find Friends function) and to share whether you are active on the Platform (and other information which you choose to share) with your friends, to provide our messaging service if you choose to use this function, to suggest accounts to you and others, and for you and others to share, download, and otherwise interact with User Content posted through the Platform.
To enable you to participate in the virtual items program.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of the Platform, such as enabling your content to be used in other users’ videos.
To use User Content as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform, to invite you to participate in an event, and to promote popular topics, hashtags and campaigns on the Platform.
To understand how you use the Platform, including across your devices.
To infer additional information about you, such as your age range, gender, and interests.
To help us detect and combat abuse, harmful activity, fraud, spam, and illegal activity on the Platform.
To ensure content is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device.
To promote the safety, security of the Platform, including by scanning, analyzing, and reviewing User Content, messages and associated metadata for violations of our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions and policies.
To facilitate research conducted by independent researchers that meets certain criteria.
To verify your identity or age.
To communicate with you, including to notify you about changes in our services.
To announce you as a winner of our contests or promotions if permitted by the promotion rule, and to send you any applicable prizes.
To enforce our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, and other conditions and policies.
Consistent with your permissions, to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising and other personalized content.
To train and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
To facilitate and fulfill sales, promotion, and purchases of goods and services and to provide user support.
How we share your information
We share your information with the following parties:
Business Partners
If you choose to register to use the Platform using your social network account details (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google), you will provide us or allow your social network to provide us with your phone number, email address, username and public profile. We will likewise share certain information with the relevant social network such as your app ID, access token and the referring URL. If you choose to allow a third-party service to access your account, we will share certain information about you with the third party. Depending on the permissions you grant, the third party may be able to obtain your account information and other information you choose to provide.
Where you opt to share content on social media platforms, the video, username and accompanying text will be shared on that platform or, in the case of sharing via instant messaging platforms such as Whatsapp, a link to the content will be shared.
Service Providers
We provide information and content to service providers who support our business, such as cloud service providers and providers of content moderation services to ensure that the Platform is a safe and enjoyable place and service providers that assist us in marketing the Platform.
Payment processors and transaction fulfillment providers: If you choose to buy Coins or conduct other payment related transactions, we will share data with the relevant payment provider to facilitate this transaction. For Coin transactions, we share a transaction ID to enable us to identify you and credit your account with the correct value in coins once you have made the payment.
Analytics providers: We use analytics providers to help us in the optimisation and improvement of the Platform. Our third-party analytics providers also help us serve targeted advertisements.
Advertisers, Advertising Networks and Measurement Partners
We share information with advertisers and third-party measurement companies to show how many and which users of the Platform have viewed or clicked on an advertisement.
If you use the TikTok Lite version of TikTok, we share information with advertising networks to display personalised advertisements to you on the TikTok Lite app and elsewhere online. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Independent Researchers
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria.
Our Corporate Group
We may also share your information with other members, subsidiaries, or affiliates of our corporate group, including to provide the Platform, to improve and optimise the Platform, to prevent illegal use and to support users.
For Legal Reasons
We will share your information with law enforcement agencies, public authorities or other organisations if legally required to do so, or if such use is reasonably necessary to:
comply with legal obligation, process or request;
enforce our Terms of Service and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or
protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction).
Public Profiles
Please note that if your profile is public, your content will be visible to anyone on the Platform and may also be accessed or shared by your friends and followers as well as third parties such as search engines, content aggregators and news sites. You can change who can see a video each time you upload a video. Alternatively, you can change your profile to default private by changing your settings to 'Private Account' in “Manage my account” settings.
Sale, Merger or Other Business Transactions
We may also disclose your information to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets (whether a result of liquidation, bankruptcy or otherwise), in which case we will disclose your data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
if we sell, buy, merge, are acquired by, or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our assets. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
Merchants, Payment and Transaction Fulfillment Providers, and Other Service Providers
When you make a purchase through our shopping features, we share the information related to the transaction with the merchant, payment and transaction fulfillment providers, and other service providers. For example, we will share the order items, contact details and delivery information so your order can be processed. These entities may use the information shared in accordance with their privacy policies.
Where we store your information
Your information may be stored on servers located outside the country where you live, such as in Singapore, Malaysia, Ireland and the United States. We maintain major servers around the world to bring you our services globally and continuously.
Your rights and choices
You have rights and choices when it comes to your information. You may be afforded certain rights under applicable laws, which may include the right to access, delete, update, or rectify your data, to be informed of the processing of your data, to file complaints with authorities, and potentially other rights. You may submit a request to exercise your rights under applicable laws at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy. You may appeal any decision we have made about your request by following the instructions in the communication you receive from us notifying you of our decision. Please also see the Supplemental Terms below on whether a local representative or local contact is available for your country.
You can access and edit most of your profile information by signing into TikTok. You can delete the User Content you uploaded. We also provide a number of tools in Settings that allow you to control, among others, who can view your videos, send you messages, or post comments to your videos. Should you choose to do so, you may delete your entire account in Settings.
You may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your device browser settings. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to differences in how browsers and mobile apps function, you may need to take different steps to opt out of Cookies used for targeted advertising in a browser and to opt out of targeted advertising for a mobile application, which you may control through your device settings or mobile app permissions. In addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out separately for each of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you.
The security of your information
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will use reasonable measures to protect your personal data, for example, by encryption, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted via the Platform; any transmission is at your own risk.
We have appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of you and other users. We maintain these technical and organizational measures and will amend them from time to time to improve the overall security of our systems.
We will, from time to time, include links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any information to these websites.
How long we keep your information
We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defence of legal claims.
The retention periods are different depending on different criteria, such as the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information such as your profile information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. If you violate our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions or policies, we may remove your profile and User Content from public view immediately, but may keep other information about you to process the violation.
Information relating to children and teens
TikTok is not directed at children under the age of 13. In certain cases this age may be higher due to local regulatory requirements, please see your local supplemental terms for more information. If you believe that there is a user who is below this minimum age, please contact us at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy.
If you are a parent or guardian, our Guardian's Guide contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you can use.
Privacy Policy update
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy and posting the new Privacy Policy or providing any other notice required by applicable law. Your continued access to or use of the Platform after the date of the updated policy constitutes your acceptance of the updated policy. If you do not agree to the updated policy, you must stop accessing or using the Platform.
Contact
If you have questions, comments, complaints or requests regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
Please also see the supplemental terms below on whether a local representative or local contact is available for your country.
We will endeavour to deal with your request as soon as possible. This is without prejudice to your right to make a complaint with a relevant data protection authority, where applicable.
Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific
In the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific that are relevant to your jurisdiction from which you access or use the services, and the rest of policy, the relevant jurisdictions’ Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific will supersede and control.
Argentina
If you are using our services in Argentina, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this Policy, the following terms shall prevail.
Your rights and options
According to Law No. 25,326, Regulatory Decree No. 1558/2001 and the provisions and/or binding resolutions issued by the Agency for Access to Public Information ("AAIP"), you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: access, rectification and deletion regarding data protection. You can exercise your rights by sending your request to https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy free of charge.
We encourage you to contact us if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the AAIP. You can contact AAIP through the site: https://www.argentina.gob.ar/aaip/datospersonales/derechos.
Australia
If you are using the Platform in Australia, the following additional terms shall apply.
Certain entities in our corporate group, located outside of Australia, are given limited remote access to your information so that they can provide certain functions, as described in the section on "How we share your information". Please see here for further information on the countries in which our corporate group entities which receive personal information from Australia are located.
Brazil
If you are using the Platform in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
Exercise of data protection rights. Brazilian law provides certain rights to individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the mentioned rights.
We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD:
I. confirmation of whether your data are being processed;
II. access to your data;
III. correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data;
IV. anonymization, blocking or erasure of data;
V. portability of personal data to a third party;
VI. object to the processing of personal data;
VII. information of public and private entities with which we shared data;
VIII. information about the possibility to refuse providing personal data and the respective consequences, when applicable;
IX. withdrawal of your consent.
X. request a review of decisions made solely based on automated processing of personal data affecting your interests, including decisions made to define your personal, professional, consumer or credit profile, or aspects of your personality.
We encourage you to contact us if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Brazilian Data Protection Authority (ANPD).
Verifying your identity: For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request.
Limitations to your rights: In certain situations, we may have legitimate reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose not to disclose certain information to you when a disclosure could adversely impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation to our trade secrets or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises. Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request.
Contact: In case of doubt about your privacy, your rights or how to exercise them, please contact us through the form "Contact". If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, we would like to clarify them.
DPO: If you wish to reach the TikTok’s Data Protection Officer, contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/DPO
Access Logs. We keep your application access logs, under confidentiality, in a controlled and safe environment for at least 6 months, in order to comply with legal obligations.
Language. The Policy may have been prepared in the English language and in the Portuguese language. If you are a user located in Brazil, you shall refer to the Portuguese version, which shall prevail.
International Transfers. International data transfers are necessary for us to provide our services. If you are located in Brazil, we will always rely on one of the international data transfer mechanisms under applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Canada
If you are using the Platform in Canada, the following additional terms apply.
Information Relating to Children and Teens. Please note that if you are a resident of the Province of Quebec, you are only permitted to use the Platform if you are at least 14 years old.
Your Rights. Subject to limited exceptions under applicable law, you have the right to access, update, rectify and correct inaccuracies in your personal information and to withdraw your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. To exercise these rights, you may contact us using the contact information set out below. We may require certain personal information for the purpose of verifying the identity of the individual making the request or that they are authorized to act on behalf of another individual in such matters.
Your Choices. You can unsubscribe from our marketing emails at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of each email we send. You can also adjust your preferences regarding certain types of personalized advertising by using the Ads tools in Settings. For more information about managing your account and privacy settings, please visit our Account and Privacy Settings page at https://support.tiktok.com/en/account-and-privacy.
Internal Policies and Access Controls. We implement and maintain internal policies and technical measures to restrict access to your personal information within our organization. Access to personal information within our organization is limited to employees who need the information to perform their job functions. For example, our customer support team may have access to certain types of information during our interactions with you, such as responding to complaints and inquiries. Similarly, our content moderators may access certain information in order to enforce our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, and other conditions and policies.
Data Retention Practices. We have procedures in place to limit the retention periods as set out in the “How Long We Keep Your Information” section above. When personal information is no longer needed for these purposes or is no longer required to be retained by law, we take appropriate steps to dispose of it securely in accordance with our internal procedures.
Transfer Outside Your Jurisdiction. We and our service providers (including members, subsidiaries, or affiliates of our corporate group) may access, store and otherwise process personal information outside of Canada (and, for residents of Quebec, outside of Quebec), including in the United States, Malaysia, Ireland, Singapore, and other foreign jurisdictions where we or our service providers are located. For information about how we or our service providers (including service providers outside Canada) process personal information, please contact us using the contact information set out below. We and our service providers may disclose your personal information if we are required or permitted by applicable law or legal process, which may include lawful access by foreign courts, law enforcement or other government authorities in the jurisdictions in which we or our service providers operate.
Contact. If you are a resident of Canada, you can contact our Privacy Office at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/Privacy-Office-Canada
Egypt
If you are using our services in Egypt, the following additional terms apply.
You declare that you are over the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 13 and that you have read and acknowledged TikTok's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account.
India
If you are using our services in India, the Platform is provided and controlled by ByteDance (India) Technology Private Limited. TikTok is our brand for providing and promoting the services. When using these services from India, please accordingly read “TikTok”, “we” or “us” in this policy to refer to Bytedance (India) Technology India Private Limited.
Indonesia
If you are using our services in Indonesia, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall apply.
Age, Parental and Guardian Consent. By accessing and/or using this Platform, you represent that you are at least 21 years of age or married or not under guardianship. If you are below 21 years old and you are not married, or under guardianship:
you must obtain approval from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s); and
your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are responsible for: (i) all your actions in connection with your access to and use of the Platform; (ii) your compliance with this policy; and (iii) ensuring that any of your participation in the Platform will not, in any event, result in any violation of applicable laws and regulations relating to child protections.
If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your parent(s) or guardian(s) is not willing to open the account under their name, you must cease accessing the Platform.
Your Choices. You may withdraw your consent to TikTok's disclosure of personal data to third parties. Upon your request, we will cease to display, publish, transmit, disseminate, and/or open the access to your personal data to third parties. Please note that by withdrawing your consent to the disclosure and/or collection of your personal data, we may not be able to fulfill your requests and you may not be able to use some of TikTok features and functionality.
You may request TikTok to (i) disclose the history of personal data that we have collected; and/or (ii) erase and dispose of your personal data that we have collected on our server. Please note that by requesting us to erase and dispose of your personal data, you may not be able to use some of TikTok’s features and functionality.
To exercise any of your rights, contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy.
Notification. In the event of any breach of personal data, we will notify you and provide you with information regarding such breach of personal data.
Data retention. We retain your information for as long as it is necessary to provide you with the service. Where we do not need your information in order to provide the service to you, we retain it only for so long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such data. However, there are occasions where we are likely to keep this data for five (5) years (or longer if required) in accordance with our legal obligations or where it is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
After you have terminated your use of our Platform and the five (5) years retention period has lapsed, we store your information in an aggregated and anonymised format. Non-personally identifiable information may be retained indefinitely for analytics.
Israel
If you are using our services in Israel, the following additional terms apply.
You declare that you are over the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 13 and that you have read and acknowledged TikTok's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account.
Japan
If you are using our services in Japan, please refer to our Japanese language Privacy Policy for further information on our compliance with the Telecommunications Business Act.
Mexico
If you are using our services in Mexico, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail.
How we use your personal data.
Almost all purposes of processing stated in this section of the main Privacy Policy are necessary purposes. However, the following are secondary purposes:
Provide you with personalized advertising.
The above purposes are not necessary for us to provide the Platform but allows us to provide you with a better experience. We offer you the possibility to take decisions regarding how we use and disclose your personal data. You can always limit the secondary purposes of personalised advertising by using the tools in Settings that allow you to limit certain functions.
We use both human and automated means to process your data.
How we share your personal data.
We may share your personal data to a third party for purposes other than processing on behalf of us. We will obtain your consent for such sharing as required by applicable laws.
By providing us with your personal data and using our Platform you agree to the transfers that require your consent. You can always revoke your consent and exercise your rights, as stated below.
Your Rights.
You have the following rights with respect to your personal data: access, rectification, cancellation, opposition, consent withdrawal, limitation to the use and disclosure of your data. You can exercise your rights by sending your request to https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy. To know more about the applicable requirements and procedure to exercise your rights, contact us to the mentioned email address. If you are under 18 years, you may exercise your rights through a parent or guardian. Your rights requests will be resolved as soon as possible according to the nature of your request.
Information relating to children.
You may review our parental consent section in the Terms of Service.
Philippines
If you are using our services in the Philippines, the following additional terms shall apply pursuant to the relevant laws, rules and regulations and issuances by the Philippines National Privacy Commission (“NPC”) on data privacy.
Your Rights. To the extent that the relevant laws, rules and regulations on data privacy recognize your rights and freedoms as data subjects, you shall have the right to information, object, access, rectification, erasure or blocking, lodge complaints before the NPC, damages and data portability. Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details.
Russia
What are legal grounds for data processing. When we process your personal data, we rely on the grounds of your consent, performance of a contract, our legitimate interest and obligations to process personal data, or when we are so required by law.
By signing up and using the Platform, you consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Where we store your personal data. Your personal data may be transferred from Russia to Singapore and stored in that location, outside of the country where you live.
Public profiles. We rely on your consent to public distribution of personal data, when your account settings are 'Public Profile'. You can change your profile to private by changing your settings to 'Private Account' in “Manage my account” settings.
South Africa
If you are using our services in South Africa, the following additional terms apply.
You declare that you are over the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 13 and that you have read and acknowledged TikTok's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account.
South Korea
If you are using our services in South Korea, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail.
How we share your personal data. In addition to the main text of this policy, in the event we use information such as user-generated content and video content on our Platform as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform, your personal data contained in such information may be disclosed to the recipients of such advertising or marketing content.
Customized Ads. We may from time to time provide customized ads on our Platform to provide you our Platform for free.
Data retention. We destroy personal data whose purpose of collection as consented to by you have been achieved, or whose periods of and use to which you consented to or which were provided in this privacy policy have expired; provided, however, we will continue to store your personal data for the following statutorily-prescribed periods, where applicable, including, but not limited to:Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce. Records on your cancellation of an order, your payment on a purchased item, and our supply of a good/service: 5 years; Records on the handling of consumer complaints or disputes: 3 years; Records on advertisements and labels: 6 months.Protection of Communications Secrets Act. Records on your visits to our website: 3 months
Destruction of Personal data. We destroy your personal data in a manner that renders it unrestorable by the relevant department.
Data rights. You have the right to access personal data we hold about you, to rectify any personal data held about you that is inaccurate, to request the deletion of personal data held about you, and the right to request the suspension of the processing of your personal data. You can exercise your rights by contacting us at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy.
Data Security. We work hard to protect TikTok and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. To this end, we have in place technical, managerial and physical safeguards, including internal policy for data protection, limiting the access to personal data on a need-to-know basis and controlling access to the facilities where personal data is processed.
Information Relating to Children. TikTok is not directed at children under the age of 14.
Entrustment and/or Overseas Transfer of Personal Data. We entrust your data to our affiliates, cloud storage providers and IT service providers, some of whom are located abroad (See the Korean language Privacy Policy), subject to your consents or notifications to you, if applicable. Where appropriate, we ensure that such entities which receive and process your data are subject to contractual obligations to store and use personal data in compliance with applicable domestic and international regulations and take appropriate physical and technical measures to protect personal data. You may opt-out of such transfer so long as the transfer is not necessary to provide you with the Service, by contacting us here.
Local representative pursuant to the Personal Information Protection Act. Please send your inquiries concerning privacy issues in South Korea to our local representative pursuant to the Personal Information Protection Act. Contact details are as follows.
Bae, Kim and Lee LLC
Representative: Yangho Oh
Address: Tower B, Centropolis, 26 Ujeongguk-ro
Jongno-gu, Seoul 03161, Korea
Phone: +82-2-3404-0108
Email: privacytiktok@bkl.co.kr
Local representative pursuant to the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection, Etc.
Bae, Kim and Lee LLC
Representative: Yangho Oh
Address: Tower B, Centropolis, 26 Ujeongguk-ro
Jongno-gu, Seoul 03161, Korea
Phone: +82-2-3404-0108
Email: tiktok.kr.itnetwork@bkl.co.kr
Türkiye
If you are using our services in Turkiye, the following additional terms apply along with the contents of the foregoing Policy. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail.
Data Controller Representative. You may contact our data controller representative in Turkiye by email or mail to handle questions and complaints in connection with the processing of your personal data if you are in Turkiye.
ESİN ATTORNEY PARTNERSHIP
tiktok@esin.av.tr*
AKAT MAHALLESİ GÜL SOKAK NO: 2/1 34335 BEŞİKTAŞ/İSTANBUL, TÜRKİYE
*This e-mail address is only a communication channel for your requests and/or complaints relating to the processing of your personal information within the scope of this Privacy Policy and the Law on Protection of Personal Data No. 6698.
If you want to reach out to us for account management issues such as failure to access to your account, password issues, impersonations or if you want to report content, a comment(s), a message(s), a LIVE video(s) or any other feature in TikTok, you can always contact us via https://support.tiktok.com/en/safety-hc/report-a-problem.
Methods of collection, processing purposes of, and legal bases for, processing your personal data. Please refer to our Privacy Policy (in Turkish) and its Addendum, for detailed information about personal data categories we process, our processing purposes and related legal bases for processing.
Your rights. According to Article 11 of the Data Protection Law, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
the right to learn whether we process your personal data,
the right to request information with regard to such processing, if we process your personal data,
the right to learn the purposes of the processing and whether they are used for such purpose or not;
the right to know the third parties within or outside the country, to whom we transfer your personal data,
the right to request correction of incomplete or inaccurate personal data,
the right to request deletion or destruction of your personal data under the conditions set forth in Article 7 of the Data Protection Law,
the right to request that we notify the third parties, to whom we transferred your personal data, about the correction, deletion and/or destruction of your personal data per your request within the scope of the foregoing two items,
the right to object to the negative results about you that are due to the analysis of your personal data processed solely by automated means,
the right to claim indemnification for damages incurred due to illegal processing of your personal data.
You may exercise your rights listed above by contacting us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy.
The requests found in your application will be resolved as soon as possible according to the nature of your request and within thirty days at the latest free of charge. However, if your request incurs additional cost to our company, then you may be charged over the tariff fee determined by the Turkish Personal Data Protection Board.
Cookies. Please refer to our Turkish Privacy Policy for further information on our use of cookies on our website.
Amendments. The following sections of the Policy do not apply to individuals in Turkiye:
The following sentence at the end of the second paragraph of the introduction section: If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use this Platform.
Language. This policy is available in English and Turkish. If there is any inconsistency or different interpretation between the English and Turkish versions, the Turkish text shall prevail.
United Arab Emirates
If you are using the Platform in the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”), the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
How we share your personal data
In addition to the main text of this policy, by using the Platform in the UAE you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to our sharing of your personal data in line with the main text of this Privacy Policy.
Governing law and dispute resolution
By using our Platform in the UAE, this Privacy Policy will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the UAE. In the event of a dispute arising between the parties in connection with this Privacy Policy:
where the dispute relates to a claim for a sum within the limits specified by the DIFC Small Claims Tribunal from time to time, then the dispute shall be referred by either party to the said Tribunal; and
for all other disputes, the parties shall seek settlement of that dispute by mediation in accordance with the Mediation Rules of the DIFC-LCIA Arbitration Centre, which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference to this clause. If the dispute is not settled by mediation within 30 days of the commencement of the mediation, or such further period as the parties shall agree in writing, the dispute shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the Arbitration Rules of the DIFC-LCIA Arbitration Centre, which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference to this clause. The language to be used in the mediation and in the arbitration, shall be English. In any arbitration commenced pursuant to this clause the number of arbitrators shall be one and the arbitration shall be conducted in Dubai.
Vietnam
If you are using our services in Vietnam, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail.
Methods of processing your personal data. We may process your personal data by manual or automated methods.
Data subject's rights and obligations. Subject to certain exceptions, you have statutory rights and obligations under applicable laws. In particular, you have the following statutory rights:
Right to know;
Right to consent and withdraw consent;
Right to access;
Right to delete data;
Right to restrict data processing;
Right to be provided with data;
Right to object data processing;
Right to complain, denounce or initiate lawsuits;
Right to claim for damages; and
Right to self-protection.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us through the details in the Contact section, and we will respond to your requests regardless of the location in which your data is stored.
You have the following statutory obligations:
Protect your own personal data;
Request other relevant organizations and individuals to protect your personal data;
Respect and protect personal data of others;
Provide complete and accurate personal data upon giving consent to the processing of your personal data; and
Other obligations under applicable laws.
Age, Parental and Guardian Consent. If you are below 16 years old or under guardianship:
you must obtain approval from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s); and
your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are responsible for: (i) all your actions in connection with your access to and use of the Platform; (ii) your compliance with this policy; and (iii) ensuring that any of your participation in the Platform will not, in any event, result in any violation of applicable laws and regulations relating to child protections.
If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) is not willing to open the account under their name, you must cease accessing the Platform if you are not at least 16 years of age.
Other Jurisdictions
In jurisdictions where the national or official language is not English, the version of the TikTok Privacy Policy in your local language may set out additional terms specific to your jurisdiction. Please also refer to the version of this Privacy Policy in your local language for further information.

Terms of Service
(If you are not in the US, EEA, the United Kingdom, Switzerland or India)
Last updated: February 2021


General Terms – All Users
1. Your Relationship With Us
Welcome to TikTok (the “Platform”), which is provided by TikTok Pte. Ltd. or one of its affiliates (“TikTok”, “we” or “us”).
You are reading the terms of service (the “Terms”), which govern the relationship and serve as an agreement between you and us and set forth the terms and conditions by which you may access and use the Platform and our related websites, services, applications, products and content (collectively, the “Services”). Our Services are provided for private, non-commercial use. For purposes of these Terms, “you” and “your” means you as the user of the Services.
The Terms form a legally binding agreement between you and us. Please take the time to read them carefully.
2. Accepting the Terms
By accessing or using our Services, you confirm that you can form a binding contract with TikTok, that you accept these Terms and that you agree to comply with them. Your access to and use of our Services is also subject to our Privacy Policy and Community Guidelines, the terms of which can be found directly on the Platform, or where the Platform is made available for download, on your mobile device’s applicable app store, and are incorporated herein by reference. By using the Services, you consent to the terms of the Privacy Policy.
If you access or use the Services from within a jurisdiction for which there are separate supplemental terms, you also hereby agree to the supplemental terms applicable to users in each jurisdiction as outlined below, and in the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific that are relevant to your jurisdiction from which you access or use the Services, and the rest of these Terms, the relevant jurisdictions’ Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific will supersede and control. If you do not agree to these Terms, you must not access or use our Services. 
If you are accessing or using the Services on behalf of a business or entity, then (a) “you” and “your” includes you and that business or entity, (b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the business or entity with the authority to bind the entity to these Terms, and that you agree to these Terms on the entity’s behalf, and (c) your business or entity is legally and financially responsible for your access or use of the Services as well as for the access or use of your account by others affiliated with your entity, including any employees, agents or contractors.
You can accept the Terms by accessing or using our Services. You understand and agree that we will treat your access or use of the Services as acceptance of the Terms from that point onwards.
You should print off or save a local copy of the Terms for your records.
3. Changes to the Terms
We amend these Terms from time to time, for instance when we update the functionality of our Services, when we combine multiple apps or services operated by us or our affiliates into a single combined service or app, or when there are regulatory changes. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to generally notify all users of any material changes to these Terms, such as through a notice on our Platform, however, you should look at the Terms regularly to check for such changes. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms, which reflect the effective date of such Terms. Your continued access or use of the Services after the date of the new Terms constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms. If you do not agree to the new Terms, you must stop accessing or using the Services.
4. Your Account with Us
To access or use some of our Services, you must create an account with us. When you create this account, you must provide accurate and up-to-date information. It is important that you maintain and promptly update your details and any other information you provide to us, to keep such information current and complete.
It is important that you keep your account password confidential and that you do not disclose it to any third party. If you know or suspect that any third party knows your password or has accessed your account, you must notify us immediately at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback.
You agree that you are solely responsible (to us and to others) for the activity that occurs under your account.
We reserve the right to disable your user account at any time, including if you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms, or if activities occur on your account which, in our sole discretion, would or might cause damage to or impair the Services or infringe or violate any third party rights, or violate any applicable laws or regulations.
If you no longer want to use our Services again, and would like your account deleted, contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback. We will provide you with further assistance and guide you through the process. Once you choose to delete your account, you will not be able to reactivate your account or retrieve any of the content or information you have added.
5. Your Access to and Use of Our Services
Your access to and use of the Services is subject to these Terms and all applicable laws and regulations. You may not:
access or use the Services if you are not fully able and legally competent to agree to these Terms;
make unauthorised copies, modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or create any derivative works of the Services or any content included therein, including any files, tables or documentation (or any portion thereof) or determine or attempt to determine any source code, algorithms, methods or techniques embodied by the Services or any derivative works thereof;
distribute, license, transfer, or sell, in whole or in part, any of the Services or any derivative works thereof;
market, rent or lease the Services for a fee or charge, or use the Services to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation;
use the Services, without our express written consent, for any commercial or unauthorized purpose, including communicating or facilitating any commercial advertisement or solicitation or spamming;
interfere with or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services, disrupt our website or any networks connected to the Services, or bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services;
incorporate the Services or any portion thereof into any other program or product. In such case, we reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts or limit access to the Services in our sole discretion;
use automated scripts to collect information from or otherwise interact with the Services;
impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent you or your affiliation with any person or entity, including giving the impression that any content you upload, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise make available emanates from the Services;
intimidate or harass another, or promote sexually explicit material, violence or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
use or attempt to use another’s account, service or system without authorisation from TikTok, or create a false identity on the Services;
use the Services in a manner that may create a conflict of interest or undermine the purposes of the Services, such as trading reviews with other users or writing or soliciting fake reviews;
use the Services to upload, transmit, distribute, store or otherwise make available in any way: files that contain viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful; any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, solicitations, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other prohibited form of solicitation; any private information of any third party, including addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, number and feature in the personal identity document (e.g., National Insurance numbers, passport numbers) or credit card numbers; any material which does or may infringe any copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property or privacy rights of any other person; any material which is defamatory of any person, obscene, offensive, pornographic, hateful or inflammatory; any material that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offence, dangerous activities or self-harm; any material that is deliberately designed to provoke or antagonise people, especially trolling and bullying, or is intended to harass, harm, hurt, scare, distress, embarrass or upset people; any material that contains a threat of any kind, including threats of physical violence; any material that is racist or discriminatory, including discrimination on the basis of someone’s race, religion, age, gender, disability or sexuality;
any answers, responses, comments, opinions, analysis or recommendations that you are not properly licensed or otherwise qualified to provide; or
material that, in the sole judgment of TikTok, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using the Services, or which may expose TikTok, the Services or its users to any harm or liability of any type.
In addition to the above, your access to and use of the Services must, at all times, be compliant with our Community Guidelines.
We reserve the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to content at our discretion for any reason or no reason. Some of the reasons we may remove or disable access to content may include finding the content objectionable, in violation of these Terms or our Community Guidelines, or otherwise harmful to the Services or our users. Our automated systems analyze your content to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection. This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received, and when it is stored.
6. Intellectual Property Rights
We respect intellectual property rights and ask you to do the same. As a condition of your access to and use of the Services, you agree not to use the Services to infringe on any intellectual property rights. We reserve the right, with or without notice, at any time and in our sole discretion to block access to and/or terminate the accounts of any user who infringes or is alleged to infringe any copyrights or other intellectual property rights.
7. Content
A. TikTok Content
As between you and TikTok, all content, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, videos, music on and “look and feel” of the Services, and all intellectual property rights related thereto (the “TikTok Content”), are either owned or licensed by TikTok, it being understood that you or your licensors will own any User Content (as defined below) you upload or transmit through the Services. Use of the TikTok Content or materials on the Services for any purpose not expressly permitted by these Terms is strictly prohibited. Such content may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed or otherwise exploited for any purpose whatsoever without our or, where applicable, our licensors’ prior written consent. We and our licensors reserve all rights not expressly granted in and to their content.
You acknowledge and agree that we may generate revenues, increase goodwill or otherwise increase our value from your use of the Services, including, by way of example and not limitation, through the sale of advertising, sponsorships, promotions, usage data and Gifts (as defined and further explained in the “Virtual Items Policy”), and except as specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you will have no right to share in any such revenue, goodwill or value whatsoever. You further acknowledge that, except as specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you (i) have no right to receive any income or other consideration from any User Content (defined below) or your use of any musical works, sound recordings or audiovisual clips made available to you on or through the Services, including in any User Content created by you, and (ii) are prohibited from exercising any rights to monetize or obtain consideration from any User Content within the Services or on any third party service (e.g., you cannot claim User Content that has been uploaded to a social media platform such as YouTube for monetization).
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Terms, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, worldwide license to access and use the Services, including to download the Platform on a permitted device, and to access the TikTok Content solely for your personal, non-commercial use through your use of the Services and solely in compliance with these Terms. TikTok reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Services and the TikTok Content. You acknowledge and agree that TikTok may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason.
NO RIGHTS ARE LICENSED WITH RESPECT TO SOUND RECORDINGS AND THE MUSICAL WORKS EMBODIED THEREIN THAT ARE MADE AVAILABLE FROM OR THROUGH THE SERVICE.
You acknowledge and agree that when you view content provided by others on the Services, you are doing so at your own risk. The content on our Services is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our Services.
We make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that any TikTok Content (including User Content) is accurate, complete or up to date. Where our Services contain links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. You acknowledge that we have no obligation to pre-screen, monitor, review, or edit any content posted by you and other users on the Services (including User Content).
B. User-Generated Content
Users of the Services may be permitted to upload, post or transmit (such as via a stream) or otherwise make available content through the Services including, without limitation, any text, photographs, user videos, sound recordings and the musical works embodied therein, including videos that incorporate locally stored sound recordings from your personal music library and ambient noise (“User Content”). Users of the Services may also extract all or any portion of User Content created by another user to produce additional User Content, including collaborative User Content with other users, that combine and intersperse User Content generated by more than one user. Users of the Services may also overlay music, graphics, stickers, Virtual Items (as defined and further explained in the “Virtual Items Policy“) and other elements provided by TikTok (“TikTok Elements”) onto this User Content and transmit this User Content through the Services. The information and materials in the User Content, including User Content that includes TikTok Elements, have not been verified or approved by us. The views expressed by other users on the Services (including through use of the virtual gifts) do not represent our views or values.
Whenever you access or use a feature that allows you to upload or transmit User Content through the Services (including via certain third party social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter), or to make contact with other users of the Services, you must comply with the standards set out at “Your Access to and Use of Our Services” above. You may also choose to upload or transmit your User Content, including User Content that includes TikTok Elements, on sites or platforms hosted by third parties. If you decide to do this, you must comply with their content guidelines as well as with the standards set out at “Your Access to and Use of Our Services” above.
You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
Any User Content will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You must not post any User Content on or through the Services or transmit to us any User Content that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. When you submit User Content through the Services, you agree and represent that you own that User Content, or you have received all necessary permissions, clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the content to submit it to the Services, to transmit it from the Services to other third party platforms, and/or adopt any third party content.
If you only own the rights in and to a sound recording, but not to the underlying musical works embodied in such sound recordings, then you must not post such sound recordings to the Services unless you have all permissions, clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the content to submit it to the Services
You or the owner of your User Content still own the copyright in User Content sent to us, but by submitting User Content via the Services, you hereby grant us an unconditional irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully transferable, perpetual worldwide licence to use, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of, publish and/or transmit, and/or distribute and to authorise other users of the Services and other third-parties to view, access, use, download, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of, publish and/or transmit your User Content in any format and on any platform, either now known or hereinafter invented.
You further grant us a royalty-free license to use your user name, image, voice, and likeness to identify you as the source of any of your User Content.
For the avoidance of doubt, the rights granted in the preceding paragraphs of this Section include, but are not limited to, the right to reproduce sound recordings (and make mechanical reproductions of the musical works embodied in such sound recordings), and publicly perform and communicate to the public sound recordings (and the musical works embodied therein), all on a royalty-free basis. This means that you are granting us the right to use your User Content without the obligation to pay royalties to any third party, including, but not limited to, a sound recording copyright owner (e.g., a record label), a musical work copyright owner (e.g., a music publisher), a performing rights organization (e.g., ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, etc.) (a “PRO”), a sound recording PRO (e.g., SoundExchange), any unions or guilds, and engineers, producers or other royalty participants involved in the creation of User Content.
Specific Rules for Musical Works and for Recording Artists. If you are a composer or author of a musical work and are affiliated with a PRO, then you must notify your PRO of the royalty-free license you grant through these Terms in your User Content to us. You are solely responsible for ensuring your compliance with the relevant PRO’s reporting obligations. If you have assigned your rights to a music publisher, then you must obtain the consent of such music publisher to grant the royalty-free license(s) set forth in these Terms in your User Content or have such music publisher enter into these Terms with us. Just because you authored a musical work (e.g., wrote a song) does not mean you have the right to grant us the licenses in these Terms. If you are a recording artist under contract with a record label, then you are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of the Services is in compliance with any contractual obligations you may have to your record label, including if you create any new recordings through the Services that may be claimed by your label.
Through-To-The-Audience Rights. All of the rights you grant in your User Content in these Terms are provided on a through-to-the-audience basis, meaning the owners or operators of third party services will not have any separate liability to you or any other third party for User Content posted or used on such third party service via the Services.
Waiver of Rights to User Content. By posting User Content to or through the Services, you waive any rights to prior inspection or approval of any marketing or promotional materials related to such User Content. You also waive any and all rights of privacy, publicity, or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with your User Content, or any portion thereof. To the extent any moral rights are not transferable or assignable, you hereby waive and agree never to assert any and all moral rights, or to support, maintain or permit any action based on any moral rights that you may have in or with respect to any User Content you Post to or through the Services.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any User Content posted or uploaded by you to our Services constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We, or authorised third parties, reserve the right to cut, crop, edit or refuse to publish, your content at our or their sole discretion. We have the right to remove, disallow, block or delete any posting you make on our Services if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out at “Your Access to and Use of Our Services” above. In addition, we have the right – but not the obligation – in our sole discretion to remove, disallow, block or delete any User Content (i) that we consider to violate these Terms, or (ii) in response to complaints from other users or third parties, with or without notice and without any liability to you. As a result, we recommend that you save copies of any User Content that you post to the Services on your personal device(s) in the event that you want to ensure that you have permanent access to copies of such User Content. We do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, appropriateness or quality of any User Content, and under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any User Content.
You control whether your User Content is made publicly available on the Services to all other users of the Services or only available to people you approve. To restrict access to your User Content, you should select the privacy setting available within the Platform.
We accept no liability in respect of any content submitted by users and published by us or by authorised third parties.
If you find inappropriate content that violates our Community Guidelines or have any other issues you'd like to raise, you can send us a report.
TikTok takes reasonable measures to expeditiously remove from our Services any infringing material that we become aware of. It is TikTok’s policy, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, to disable or terminate the accounts of users of the Services who repeatedly infringe copyrights or intellectual property rights of others.
While our own staff is continually working to develop and evaluate our own product ideas and features, we pride ourselves on paying close attention to the interests, feedback, comments, and suggestions we receive from the user community. If you choose to contribute by sending us or our employees any ideas for products, services, features, modifications, enhancements, content, refinements, technologies, content offerings (such as audio, visual, games, or other types of content), promotions, strategies, or product/feature names, or any related documentation, artwork, computer code, diagrams, or other materials (collectively “Feedback”), then regardless of what your accompanying communication may say, the following terms will apply, so that future misunderstandings can be avoided. Accordingly, by sending Feedback to us, you agree that:
i. TikTok has no obligation to review, consider, or implement your Feedback, or to return to you all or part of any Feedback for any reason;
ii. Feedback is provided on a non-confidential basis, and we are not under any obligation to keep any Feedback you send confidential or to refrain from using or disclosing it in any way; and
iii. You irrevocably grant us perpetual and unlimited permission to reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, modify, publicly perform (including on a through-to-the-audience basis), communicate to the public, make available, publicly display, and otherwise use and exploit the Feedback and derivatives thereof for any purpose and without restriction, free of charge and without attribution of any kind, including by making, using, selling, offering for sale, importing, and promoting commercial products and services that incorporate or embody Feedback, whether in whole or in part, and whether as provided or as modified.
8. Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless TikTok, its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors from any and all claims, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees and expenses, arising out of a breach by you or any user of your account of these Terms or arising out of a breach of your obligations, representation and warranties under these Terms.
9. EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL AFFECT ANY STATUTORY RIGHTS THAT YOU CANNOT CONTRACTUALLY AGREE TO ALTER OR WAIVE AND ARE LEGALLY ALWAYS ENTITLED TO AS A CONSUMER.
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION TO YOU WITH RESPECT TO THEM. IN PARTICULAR WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT:
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS;
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR FREE FROM ERROR; 
ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; AND
DEFECTS IN THE OPERATION OR FUNCTIONALITY OF ANY SOFTWARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS PART OF THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED.
NO CONDITIONS, WARRANTIES OR OTHER TERMS (INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED TERMS AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR PURPOSE OR CONFORMANCE WITH DESCRIPTION) APPLY TO THE SERVICES EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THEY ARE EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THE TERMS. WE MAY CHANGE, SUSPEND, WITHDRAW OR RESTRICT THE AVAILABILITY OF ALL OR ANY PART OF OUR PLATFORM FOR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL REASONS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE
10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR LIABILITY FOR LOSSES WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THIS INCLUDES LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY OUR NEGLIGENCE OR THE NEGLIGENCE OF OUR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR SUBCONTRACTORS AND FOR FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION.
SUBJECT TO THE PARAGRAPH ABOVE, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR:
(I) ANY LOSS OF PROFIT (WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY); (II) ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL; (III) ANY LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY; (IV) ANY LOSS OF DATA SUFFERED BY YOU; OR (V) ANY INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU. ANY OTHER LOSS WILL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO TIKTOK WITHIN THE LAST 12 MONTHS.
ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF:
ANY RELIANCE PLACED BY YOU ON THE COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY OR EXISTENCE OF ANY ADVERTISING, OR AS A RESULT OF ANY RELATIONSHIP OR TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND ANY ADVERTISER OR SPONSOR WHOSE ADVERTISING APPEARS ON THE SERVICE;
ANY CHANGES WHICH WE MAY MAKE TO THE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY PERMANENT OR TEMPORARY CESSATION IN THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICES (OR ANY FEATURES WITHIN THE SERVICES);
THE DELETION OF, CORRUPTION OF, OR FAILURE TO STORE, ANY CONTENT AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS DATA MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED BY OR THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES;
YOUR FAILURE TO PROVIDE US WITH ACCURATE ACCOUNT INFORMATION;
OR YOUR FAILURE TO KEEP YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT DETAILS SECURE AND CONFIDENTIAL.
PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ONLY PROVIDE OUR PLATFORM FOR DOMESTIC AND PRIVATE USE. YOU AGREE NOT TO USE OUR PLATFORM FOR ANY COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES, AND WE HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR BUSINESS REPUTATION, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY.
IF DEFECTIVE DIGITAL CONTENT THAT WE HAVE SUPPLIED DAMAGES A DEVICE OR DIGITAL CONTENT BELONGING TO YOU AND THIS IS CAUSED BY OUR FAILURE TO USE REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL, WE WILL EITHER REPAIR THE DAMAGE OR PAY YOU COMPENSATION. HOWEVER, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGE THAT YOU COULD HAVE AVOIDED BY FOLLOWING OUR ADVICE TO APPLY AN UPDATE OFFERED TO YOU FREE OF CHARGE OR FOR DAMAGE THAT WAS CAUSED BY YOU FAILING TO CORRECTLY FOLLOW INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS OR TO HAVE IN PLACE THE MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS ADVISED BY US.
THESE LIMITATIONS ON OUR LIABILITY TO YOU SHALL APPLY WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING.
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY MOBILE CHARGES THAT MAY APPLY TO YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICE, INCLUDING TEXT-MESSAGING AND DATA CHARGES. IF YOU’RE UNSURE WHAT THOSE CHARGES MAY BE, YOU SHOULD ASK YOUR SERVICE PROVIDER BEFORE USING THE SERVICE.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY DISPUTE YOU HAVE WITH ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, BY WAY OF EXAMPLE AND NOT LIMITATION, ANY CARRIER, COPYRIGHT OWNER OR OTHER USER, IS DIRECTLY BETWEEN YOU AND SUCH THIRD PARTY, AND YOU IRREVOCABLY RELEASE US AND OUR AFFILIATES FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS AND DAMAGES (ACTUAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL) OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH DISPUTES.
11. Other Terms
a. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction. Subject to the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction Specific, these Terms, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by the laws of Singapore. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms, including any question regarding existence, validity or termination of these Terms, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre ("SIAC Rules") for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this clause. The seat of the arbitration shall be Singapore. The Tribunal shall consist of three (3) arbitrators. The language of the arbitration shall be English.
b. Open Source. The Platform contains certain open source software. Each item of open source software is subject to its own applicable license terms, which can be found at Open Source Policy.
c. Entire Agreement. These Terms (including the Supplemental Terms below) constitute the whole legal agreement between you and TikTok and govern your use of the Services and completely replace any prior agreements between you and TikTok in relation to the Services.
d. Links. You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our Services in any website that is not owned by you. The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out at “Your Access to and Use of Our Services” above. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
e. Age Limit. The Services are only for people 13 years old and over (with additional limits that may be set forth in the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific). By using the Services, you confirm that you are over the relevant age specified herein. If we learn that someone under the relevant age specified above is using the Services, we will terminate that user’s account.
f. No Waiver. Our failure to insist upon or enforce any provision of these Terms shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right.
g. Security. We do not guarantee that our Services will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our Services. You should use your own virus protection software.
h. Severability. If any court of law, having jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of these Terms is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the Terms without affecting the rest of the Terms, and the remaining provisions of the Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable.
i. Questions? Contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback. 
Supplemental Terms – App Stores
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the following supplemental terms shall apply when accessing the Platform through specific devices:
Notice regarding Apple.
These Terms between TikTok and you; Apple is not a party to these Terms.
The license granted to you hereunder is limited to a personal, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to install the Platform on the Apple device(s) authorised by Apple that you own or control for personal, non-commercial use, subject to the Usage Rules set forth in Apple’s App Store Terms of Services.
Apple is not responsible for the Platform or the content thereof and has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance or support services with respect to the Platform.
In the event of any failure of the Platform to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Platform, if any, to you. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Platform.
Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or a third party relating to the Platform or your possession or use of the Platform, including without limitation (a) product liability claims; (b) any claim that the Platform fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
In the event of any third party claim that the Platform or your possession and use of the Platform infringes such third party’s intellectual property rights, Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defence, settlement or discharge of such intellectual property infringement claim.
You represent and warrant that (a) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (b) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms and upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third party beneficiary hereof.
TikTok expressly authorises use of the Platform by multiple users through the Family Sharing or any similar functionality provided by Apple.
Windows Phone Store. By downloading the Platform from the Windows Phone Store (or its successors) operated by Microsoft, Inc. or its affiliates, you specifically acknowledge and agree that:
You may install and use one copy of the Platform on up to five (5) Windows Phone enabled devices that are affiliated with the Microsoft account you use to access the Windows Phone Store. Beyond that, we reserve the right to apply additional conditions or charge additional fees.
You acknowledge that Microsoft Corporation, your phone manufacturer and network operator have no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Platform.
Amazon Appstore. By downloading the Platform from the Amazon Appstore (or its successors) operated by Amazon Digital Services, Inc. or affiliates (“Amazon”), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:
to the extent of any conflict between (a) the Amazon Appstore Terms of Use or such other terms which Amazon designates as default end user license terms for the Amazon Appstore (“Amazon Appstore EULA Terms”), and (b) the other terms and conditions in these Terms, the Amazon Appstore EULA Terms shall apply with respect to your use of the Platform that you download from the Amazon Appstore, and
Amazon does not have any responsibility or liability related to compliance or non-compliance by TikTok or you (or any other user) under these Terms or the Amazon Appstore EULA Terms.
Google Play. By downloading the Platform from Google Play (or its successors) operated by Google, Inc. or one of its affiliates (“Google”), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:
to the extent of any conflict between (a) the Google Play Terms of Services and the Google Play Business and Program Policies or such other terms which Google designates as default end user license terms for Google Play (all of which together are referred to as the “Google Play Terms”), and (b) the other terms and conditions in these Terms, the Google Play Terms shall apply with respect to your use of the Platform that you download from Google Play, and
you hereby acknowledge that Google does not have any responsibility or liability related to compliance or non-compliance by TikTok or you (or any other user) under these Terms or the Google Play Terms.
Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific
Brazil. If you are using our Services in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail.
Representation/assistance of parents and guardians. (i) if you are over 16 but under 18, you can only use and register an account upon the assistance of your parent or legal guardian and represents and warrants that you have obtained assistance in using the Services and agreeing to these Terms; (ii) if you have more than 13 years but less than 16 years, you can only use and register an account with the representation of your parents or legal guardians and must obtain agreement from your parents or legal guardians for your use of the Services and acceptance of these Terms.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction. These Terms, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by Brazilian law. You and we both agree that the courts of Brazil will have exclusive jurisdiction.
India. If you are using our Services in India, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail.
Accepting the Terms. By agreeing to these Terms and by accessing or using our Services, you acknowledge that you have read and understood these Terms and provide your consent to be bound by these Terms and our Privacy Policy and Community Guidelines.
Your access to and use of our Services. You may not use the Services to upload, transmit, distribute, store or otherwise make available in any way (including for the purposes of creating and/or streaming content) any User Content that:
is obscene, pornographic, paedophilic;
is relating to or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise any activity that is unlawful in any manner whatsoever;
harms minors in any way;
deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature; or
threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognisable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting any other nation.
User–Generated Content. You hereby irrevocably waive any right to raise any objection or other claim before any authority including any copyright board in relation to the rights granted and licensed to us under these Terms, including any right under the provisions of section 30A of the (Indian) Copyright Act, 1957 or other applicable law. The above waiver is granted by you in favour of TikTok and all of its group companies, affiliates and successors in title and interest, whether existing or in future.
Indemnity. In the event you are required to indemnify us pursuant to these Terms or any order or ruling of a court of law, you will obtain all necessary approvals and consents from regulatory authorities for the remittance of such amount to us.
Indonesia. If you are using our Services in Indonesia, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail.
Accepting the Terms. By participating in the Services, you represent that you are at least 21 years of age or married or not under guardianship. If you are below 21 years old and you are not married, your account must be opened under the name of your parent(s) or guardian(s). Further, you represent and warrant that you have obtained consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) unless you indicate otherwise. By consenting, your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are agreeing to take responsibility for: (i) all your actions in connection with your access to the Services; (ii) any fees or charges associated with your use of any of the Services (as applicable); (iii) your compliance with this Terms; and (iv) ensuring that any of your participation in Services will not, in any event, result in any violation of applicable laws and regulations relating to child protections. If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your parent(s) or guardian(s) is not willing to open the account under their name, you must cease accessing the Services.”
Limitation of Liabilities. No limitation of liabilities set out in Section 10 (Limitation of Liability) above shall not be applicable to the extent any loss or damage is incurred by you as a result of our willful misconduct or negligence.
Age Limit. The Services are only for people 14 years old and over in Indonesia.
Language. These Terms has been prepared in the English language and Indonesian language. In the event of any inconsistency or different interpretation between the English text and Indonesian text, the English text shall prevail and the relevant Indonesian text shall be deemed to be automatically amended to conform with and to make the relevant Indonesian text consistent with the relevant English text. Each party acknowledges that it has read these Terms and understands its content and that these Terms have been entered into freely and without duress. You acknowledge that you fully understand the language and the content of these Terms, and you agree that you will not use the provisions under Law of the Republic of Indonesia No. 24 of 2009 on Flag, Language, State Emblem and National Anthem or any of its implementing regulations to invalidate these Terms.
United Arab Emirates. If you are using our Services in the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”), the following additional terms shall apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail.
Accepting the Terms: By agreeing to these Terms and accessing or using our Services, you acknowledge that you have read and understood these Terms, the additional terms herein and provide your consent to be bound by these Terms, the Privacy Policy, the Community Guidelines and all other policies or agreements referred to herein.
Mexico. If you are using our Services in Mexico, the following additional terms shall apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail.
If you are under age 18, you may only use the Services with the consent of your parent or legal guardian. Please be sure your parent or legal guardian has reviewed, discussed and agreed to these Terms, with you.
Turkey. Contact our representative in Turkey within the scope of the Law No. 5651:
TikTok İstanbul Dijital Medya ve Reklam Limited Şirketi
Esentepe Mah. Harman 1 Sk. Nida Kule Blok No:7-9/26 Şişli İstanbul
tiktokturkey@hs03.kep.tr

