The following factors typically affect the retention period:
Necessity for the provision of our Services We keep your information as long as is
necessary to provide the Services to you. This includes things like maintaining and
improving the performance of our Sites and Apps, keeping our Services secure, and
maintaining appropriate business and financial records. Most of our retention periods are
determined on the basis of this general rule. 19

Consent-based processing of personal data If we process personal data on the basis of
consent (including consent to the extended storage), we store the data for as long as
necessary in order to process it according to your consent or until you withdraw your
consent. Statutory, contractual or other similar obligations Etsy will retain and use your information
to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, for example, if we are
required to retain your information to comply with applicable tax/revenue laws or our Know
Your Customer (“KYC”) obligations. Here's what we consider when we deciding how long to keep your information:
Purpose of Processing Retention Period

Information used to provide you with our
Services

Information we use to offer you our Services
is retained for the lifetime of your account. Information used for regulatory compliance
and other legal obligations

Etsy will retain and use your information to
the extent necessary to comply with our
legal obligations, for example, if we are
required to retain your information to comply
with applicable tax/revenue laws or our
Know Your Customer (“KYC”) obligations. Information used for other legitimate
purposes

We may retain your information for other
legitimate purposes, such as to prevent
harm; investigate possible violations of our
House Rules and Policies; promote safety,
security and integrity; or protect Etsy,
including our rights, property or platform. 7. Your Rights and Choices
Certain privacy laws around the world, including the European General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR), provide users with rights and choices related to their personal
information. Consistent with those laws, Etsy gives you the choice of accessing, editing, or
removing certain information, as well as choices about how we contact you. In addition,
subject to applicable law, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal
information, such as the following:
● Right to Access: You can access certain personal information associated with your
account by visiting your account privacy settings. You can request a copy of your
personal information in an easily accessible format, as well as information
explaining how that information is used. See this Help Center article for more
information. 20

● Right to Portability: You have the right to receive certain of your information which
you provided in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to
transmit such information to another controller. ● Right to Correction: You have the right to request that we rectify any inaccurate
information about you. By visiting your account settings, you can correct and
change certain personal information associated with your account.