Why and How We Use Your Information Information Categories Used
To comply with local laws on selling goods
For example, in certain countries, we are
required to display certain information about
our Sellers on Etsy. ● Buyer Public Profile Information
● Seller Public Profile Information
● Buyer Account Information
● Seller Account information

To verify your identity
To become an Etsy Seller, we need to verify
your identity to comply with our obligations
under a variety of laws, such as the Digital
Services Act and anti-money laundering laws. ● Seller Details
● Seller Account Information

To comply with legal and regulatory obligations
Etsy may also use, preserve, or release your
personal information to a third party to comply
with our legal and regulatory obligations,
including in response to lawful requests by
public authorities (including tax authorities)
and to meet legitimate national security or law
enforcement requirements. For example, we may be required to collect,
use or disclose your information in connection
with:
Civil, commercial, criminal or consumer
protection matters or litigation: where we
are in receipt of a court order to disclose
information or receive regulatory inquiries
(e.g., under the Irish Competition and
Consumer Protection Act 2014, the Consumer
Rights Act 2022, or the Liability For Defective
Products Act, 1991). Corporate and taxation matters: to comply
with our corporation and taxation obligations,
such as those under the Irish Companies Act
2014 and the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997
and the Internal Revenue Service code. Regulatory matters: to comply with our
regulatory obligations, including as an
e-commerce platform arising under the P2B

● Buyer Public Profile Information
● Seller Public Profile Information
● Buyer Account Information
● Seller Account Information
● Information from our Payment Processors
● General Location Information
● Browser and Device Information
● Messages Information, subject to
applicable law

10

Regulation, the Digital Services Act and similar
regulations. We may also be required to collect, use or
disclose your information to comply with our
obligations to engage with regulators,
including but not limited to the Irish
Competition and Consumer Protection
Commission, the Central Bank of Ireland, the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control
(OFAC), and other regulatory bodies. Where necessary for our legitimate interests

We rely on our legitimate interests or those of third parties (like other Buyers and Sellers, and in some
cases, the general public) where they are not outweighed by your rights and freedoms. In the EEA
and UK, you have the right to object to, and seek the restriction of, this processing. To learn more, see

Section 7. Why and How We Use Your Information

Legitimate Interests
Relied On

Information
Categories Used

To understand how you use our Services and
improve your experience on Etsy
We use certain information to improve our
Services, including to ensure the Services are
functioning correctly, to help Sellers find the
best ways to market and sell their products on
Etsy, to identify and support high-performing
Sellers, and for general research and
aggregate reporting.