● Name
● Birthday
● Gender
● Location
● Profile photo
● Your bio, story and story headline
● Your favorite items and favorite stores
● Linked third-party accounts (e.g., social
media, “sign-in with”)
● Product reviews
● Registry information (e.g., name, partner
name, wedding or special event date,
shipping information)

Seller Public Profile Information
As a Seller on Etsy, you must provide certain
information for your shop. You can also
choose to share other personal information
(such as birthday, gender or location) in
connection with your account and activity. Other people will be able to see your profile
information. You can edit, remove, or limit this information
through your account settings. ● Shop name
● Your name
● Birthday
● Gender
● Location and/or business address (if
applicable)
● Profile photo
● Your bio, story, story headline, shop photos,
and shop links
● Vacation mode announcements
● Linked third-party accounts (e.g., social,
“sign-in with”)
● Shop policies (e.g., returns)

Guest Checkout Information
You can purchase goods on Etsy without an
account through our ‘Guest Checkout’ feature. We need certain information about you to
facilitate your purchase. ● Your name
● Email address
● Billing name and address
● Credit or debit card information or other
payment method
● Shipping name and address

Transaction Information
When you buy or sell goods on Etsy, we
collect information about the order as part of
your transaction history. ● Information about the transactions made on
our Services, such as the shop name, items
purchased, Buyer’s name, purchase price,
and date of the transaction

Photographs and Videos
You may enable the Apps to access your
mobile device’s camera to upload photographs
and videos to Etsy, or you can upload photos
and videos directly through our Site. ● Photos and videos you upload to your profile,
our forums, as part of product reviews or
through Etsy’s other products and features
(e.g., search)

4

Forums/Community Information
We offer several features that allow users to
connect and communicate in public or
semi-public spaces, such as Forums and
Teams, which are a part of the Etsy
Community space. ● Content you post in our community spaces
● Any additional information you choose to
provide

Messages Information
You can contact another Member using Etsy
Messages for a variety of reasons, such as
customer support, personalizing products, or
product and order questions. ● Message Content: Content you share with, or
receive from, other Members through our
Messages function
● Message Metadata: Metadata about content
(such as the location where a photo was
taken) and Messages (such as the date and
time of the message)

Promotion Information
From time to time, Etsy runs promotional
offers, contests and sweepstakes. The types of information we collect will be
governed by the terms of the relevant
promotion, which can be viewed on Our
House Rules page.