● We share your information with other Etsy group companies, trusted partners and
service providers to provide our Services, for security purposes, to understand how
you use and interact with our Services and to meet our legal obligations. To learn
more, see Section 3. ● If you are located outside of North or South America, Etsy Ireland UC is the service
provider and data controller responsible for your personal information. If you are
located within North or South America, Etsy, Inc. is the service provider and data
controller responsible for your personal information. The contact details for both
companies are set out in Section 11. ● Other policies that are referenced below, such as the Terms of Use and Cookies &
Similar Technologies Policy, are available from Our House Rules page, located
here. ● If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or wish to exercise your rights,
see Section 11 for further information about how to contact us. 1. What Information We Collect and Receive

In the course of providing our Services, we collect and receive information that directly or
indirectly relates to you (which we call your “personal information”) in different ways and
from different sources, which we have set out below. The capitalized terms in this Section

2

1 are definitions that we use throughout this Policy, so please refer back to this table as
necessary. Information Category Description of Information Collected

Information You Provide to Us

You provide certain information to Etsy directly when you sign up for an Etsy account or otherwise

use the Services. Buyer Account Information
We collect certain information from you when
you set up an Etsy Buyer account and use the
Services. ● Buyer Details: Your name, email address,
and phone number
● Buyer Payment Information: Your billing
address and payment information (e.g., credit
or debit card details or other payment
credentials, like PayPal)
● Delivery Information: Your delivery address,
contact name, and phone number (in certain
countries outside of the EU)
● Regional Information: Your country,
preferred language, and currency

Seller Account Information
We collect certain information from you when
you set up an Etsy Seller account and use the
Services. ● Seller Details: Your name, valid
identification, email address, country of
residence, phone number, date of birth,
taxpayer address, and Etsy shop name
● Seller Payment Information: Your bank
country, bank account details, billing address
and other payment information (e.g., credit or
debit card details or PayPal credentials)
● Shop Preferences: Your preferred language,
country, and currency
● Business/Tax Information: Your tax and
government-issued identification numbers
● Regional Information: Your country,
preferred language, and currency

3

Buyer Public Profile Information
As a Buyer on Etsy, you can choose to provide
your name and other personal information in
connection with your account and activity. Other people will be able to see your profile
information. You can edit, remove or limit this information
through your account settings.