● Right to Restrict Processing: In certain cases where we process your information,
you may also have the right to restrict or limit the ways in which we use your
personal information. ● Right to Deletion: In certain circumstances, you have the right to request the
deletion of your personal information, except information we are required to retain
by law, regulation, or to protect the safety, security, rights, and integrity of Etsy. Please note that closing your account may not free up your email address,
username, or shop name (if any) for reuse on a new account. See this Help Center
article for more information. ● Right to Object: If we process your information based on our legitimate interests as
explained above, or in the public interest, you can object to this processing in
certain circumstances. In such cases, we will cease processing your information
unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is
needed for legal reasons. ● Right to Withdraw Consent: Where we rely on consent, you can choose to withdraw
your consent to our processing of your information using, for example, an email
unsubscribe link or your account privacy preferences. If you have consented to
share your precise device location details with us, you can revoke that consent
through the settings on your mobile device. This is without prejudice to your right to
generally permanently close your account and delete your personal information. Please be aware that withdrawing consent will not affect the lawfulness of
processing based on consent before its withdrawal. ● Right to File a Complaint: If you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK,
you have the right to lodge a complaint about our practices with respect to your
personal information with the supervisory authority of your country or state. ● Right to File a Complaint: If you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK,
you have the right to lodge a complaint about our practices with respect to your
personal information with the supervisory authority of your country or state. ○ In the UK, the relevant data protection authority is the Information
Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire,
SK9 5AF, +44 (0303) 123 1113, casework@ico.org.uk. ○ In Ireland, the relevant data protection authority is the Data Protection
Commission, 21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2, D02 RD28, +353
017650100 / + 353 1800437737, email: info@dataprotection.ie or by using
this online form. Please see the United States Regional Privacy Policy for information about privacy rights
provided under certain US state laws. How to Exercise Your Rights and Choices. If you would like to manage, change, limit, or
delete your personal information, you can do so via your Etsy account settings. Alternatively, you can exercise any of the rights above, subject to applicable law, through
the contact options set out in Section 11. Once you contact us to exercise any of your
rights, we will confirm receipt of your request.