Limiting use of, or deleting, your personal

21

information may impact features and uses that rely on that information. Communication
Choices. You can opt out of receiving marketing emails by using the unsubscribe link in
our marketing emails or through your account settings. Certain communications from Etsy
are service-related or legally required and you will continue to receive them even if you opt
out of marketing emails. 8. Your Responsibilities
If you are a Seller on our Services or use Etsy’s API, you may receive certain personal
information and will have legal obligations in respect of this information. Your privacy
responsibilities, including when you act as an independent data controller (someone who
decides what personal data to collect and the purpose you use the data for) are laid out in
the Etsy Seller Policy and the Etsy API Terms of Use. 9. Privacy Policy Changes
We may amend or update this policy from time to time. If we believe that the changes are
material, we’ll let you know by posting the changes through the Services and sending you
an email or message about the changes. We encourage you to check back regularly and
review any updates. 10. Additional Disclosures for United States Residents
In certain US states, including California, Virginia, Colorado, Utah, and Connecticut, you
may be entitled to additional rights or disclosures. Please see our United States Regional
Privacy Policy, where you can learn more about how we use your information and any
additional privacy rights you may have. 11. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions:
● Contact Etsy’s Support team via our Help Center
● Chat Support (available on our Site)
● Send an email to Etsy's Data Protection Officer at dpo@etsy.com
● Write to us at one of the following addresses:
In North America or South America: Etsy Support Team – Privacy Policy 117 Adams Street
Brooklyn, NY 11201, USA
Outside of North America or South America: Etsy Support Team – Privacy Policy 66/67
Great Strand Street Dublin 1, Ireland

22