In each case,
these partners will process your personal information in accordance with their own privacy
policies. We encourage you to read the privacy policies and ask questions of third parties
before you disclose your personal information to them. Professional Advisors, Industry Partners, Authorities and Regulators: We share your
information described in Section 3 with our advisors and consultants, regulators and tax
authorities, law enforcement, government agencies, civil litigants, and industry partners
(for example, trade groups) to:
● comply with applicable law or regulations, court orders, subpoenas, legal process or
government requests;
● detect, investigate, prevent, or address actual or suspected fraud, violations of
Etsy’s Terms of Use, and other illegal activity or security and technical issues;
and/or
● protect the rights, property and safety of our Members, Etsy and the Etsy Group
Companies, or others, including to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. Business Reorganization: In some cases, Etsy may choose to reorganize its business. In
these types of transactions (such as a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership, or transfer of
all or substantially all of Etsy’s assets), Member information is typically one of the business
assets that is transferred. If Etsy intends to transfer information about you, Etsy will notify
you by email or by putting a notice on the Site and the Apps. 17

Community Services: We engage third parties to assist in providing Community Services,
which includes the Etsy Forums and Teams, and need to share certain information about
you for these purposes. This may include, for example, Buyer Public Profile Information
and Seller Public Profile Information, the date that you registered on Etsy, as well as your
language and regional settings on the Site. For more information, see our Community
Policy. Service Providers: Etsy also engages third-party companies and individuals (such as
research companies, analytics services, and security providers) to help us operate,
provide, and advertise the Services. These third parties have limited access to your
information, may use your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf, and are
prohibited from disclosing or using your information for other purposes. The types of
third-party service providers that we work with include:
Third-Party Service Providers What Information We Share

● Research companies
● Analytics providers
● Security providers
● Software service providers
● Infrastructure and technical service
providers
● Professional service providers
● Customer service or other outsourced
service providers

● Buyer Public Profile Information
● Seller Public Profile Information
● Buyer Account Information
● Seller Account Information
● Guest Checkout Information
● Transaction Information
● Forum/Community Information
● General Location Information
● Photos and Videos
● Customer Support Information
● Browser and Device Information
● Service Usage Information
● Survey Responses and Market
Research
● Analytics Information

4. How We Transfer Your Information
Etsy operates a global e-commerce platform. By using the Services, you acknowledge that
Etsy will use your information in the United States, Ireland and any other country where
the Etsy Group Companies operate.