● When you link our Services with third-party
applications or integrations (e.g., linked
third-party accounts), we receive your contact
information, including your name and email
address, and any additional information you
authorize the third party to share with us (for
example, social media accounts and/or
sign-in functionality)

Non-Member Information
Etsy receives or obtains information about a
person who is not yet a registered Etsy
Member or Guest and has not directly made a
purchase (a “Non-Member”) in connection
with certain Etsy features, such as when a
Non-Member chooses to subscribe to an Etsy
newsletter, a Member invites a Non-Member to
visit the Site, a Member uploads Non-Member
information to send a gift or when a Member
sends a gift card code to a Non-Member. For
more information, please see our Non-Member
Privacy Policy, available here. ● Non-Member email address
● Non-Member IP address
● Non-Member physical postal address

2. How We Use Your Information and Our Legal Basis
When you access or use the Services or interact with our Sites and/or Apps, we collect,
use, share, and otherwise process your personal information for the purposes described in
this policy. To the extent required by applicable law, we rely on a number of legal bases to

7

use your information in these ways. If you reside outside the European Economic Area
(“EEA”), Switzerland or the United Kingdom (“UK”) (together referred to as the “European
Region”), the legal bases on which we rely may differ from those listed below. Why and How We Use Your Information Information Categories Used

Where necessary to perform our contract with you

We use certain information that is necessary for us to provide you with the Services and perform our
Terms of Use or other relevant contract(s) with you. We will need to close your account if we cannot

process your personal information for such purposes. To create and maintain your Etsy account and
provide our Services
We collect certain information in order to set
up your Etsy account and to allow you to
interact with the Etsy Community. ● Buyer Account Information
● Seller Account Information
● Buyer Public Profile Information
● Seller Public Profile Information
● Browser and Device Information
● Forums/Community Information
● Third-Party Application Information (where
relevant)

To facilitate buying and selling on Etsy
We use certain information to facilitate buying
and selling on Etsy. This can also involve us
sharing your information with some of our
third-party partners – such as our shipping and
payment partners – to enable us to provide the
Services to you pursuant to our Terms of Use. Such partners will process your personal
information in accordance with their own
privacy policies. For more information, please
see Section 3.