Privacy Policy
This policy was published on June 15, 2023, and will take effect on July 24, 2023. The
previous version of this policy can be viewed here. 1. What Information We Collect and Receive
2. How We Use Your Information and Our Legal Basis
3. How We Share Your Information
4. How We Transfer Your Information
5. How We Protect Your Information
6. How Long We Store Your Information
7. Your Rights & Choices
8. Your Responsibilities
9. Privacy Policy Changes
10.Additional Disclosures for United States Residents
11. How to Contact Us

At Etsy, we care deeply about privacy. We strive to be transparent about our privacy
practices, including how we treat your personal information. This policy explains our privacy practices for Etsy.com (which we’ll refer to as the "Site"),
Etsy’s mobile applications, including the Etsy App and the Etsy Seller App (together, the
"Apps"), Etsy Payments, Pattern by Etsy, Etsy’s public Application Programming Interface
(the “API”), and other services provided by Etsy, Inc. or Etsy Ireland UC, depending on
your location (which we’ll refer to as "Etsy," or as "we," "us," and "our"). We’ll use the term
“Services” to refer collectively to the Site, the Apps, Etsy Payments, Pattern by Etsy, and
the API. This policy applies to our registered buyers (“Buyers”) and sellers (“Sellers”) (together, our
“Members”), those who purchase items on Etsy without an account (“Guests”) and anyone
else who visits our Sites or uses our Services (together with our Members and Guests,
“you” and “your”). If you are not a registered Member or a Guest, please see our
Non-Member Privacy Policy for further information about how we may collect and use your
personal information, available here. This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties (including Sellers, Pattern by
Etsy users or API users) who you may choose to share information with when you use the
Services. Please note that the collection and use of your information by these third parties
is subject to their own privacy policies and terms. You should understand the privacy and
security practices of any third party before you share information with them. It is important that you understand how we use your information. You should read this
policy in full, but some key points and references to help you navigate the policy are:

● Our mission at Etsy is to keep human connection at the heart of commerce. We
connect Buyers with Sellers that offer handmade or vintage products and craft
supplies. By accepting our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, or by using any of
our Services, you confirm that you have read and understand this policy, including
how and why we use your information. ● We collect and use your personal information to provide and improve our Services,
to protect the security and integrity of our Services and to comply with our legal
obligations. To learn more about what information we collect and how we use it, see
Section 1 and Section 2 below.