Your reviews
of shops or items you’ve purchased may also be shared on other platforms and search
engines, including Google. For Sellers, some additional information will be publicly displayed. For example, your shop
name or or business name associated with your account (which you may modify and
update in your account settings) is publicly displayed. Etsy Group Companies: We may share some of the information that we collect, such as
Buyer Account Information, Seller Account Information, Service Usage Information, Device
and Browser Information, and Cookie Information, with our corporate affiliates, which
include Etsy, Inc., Etsy Ireland UC, Etsy UK, Ltd., and other Etsy entities that help us
conduct business around the world (together, the “Etsy Group Companies”). We do not
share your personal information with our sister companies like Depop, Elo7 or Reverb. The
information shared among the Etsy Group Companies may be used for the purposes
described in this Privacy Policy and generally to operate our business, including for ID
verification purposes, transaction monitoring and payment processing or to provide
customer support, facilitate business development, administer user accounts or provide IT,
technical and engineering support. 16

Sellers: We may share aggregated information about your use of the Services to Sellers if
you are a frequent purchaser or a new Buyer, so they can provide you with better service
and so we can improve our Site and Apps. Linked Third-Party Websites or Services: Some Members may choose to connect to Etsy
or register an Etsy account using an external third-party application, such as Facebook or
Google. Connecting your Etsy account to third-party applications or services is optional. If
you choose to connect your account to a third-party application, the providers of those
services or products may receive information about you that Etsy, you, or others share with
them. Please be aware that when you use third-party sites or services, their own terms
and privacy policies will govern your use of those sites or services. You may also link your bank account or payment method to pay for purchases (or receive
payment, in the case of Sellers in select markets) through a third-party service available
through the Site or Etsy App. When you register with these third-party partners, we will tell
you what information is collected and what information the third-party will share with Etsy. Business Partners: Etsy works closely with a number of business partners, such as our
shipping and payment partners, that assist us with providing the Services in accordance
with our Terms of Use. When one of these companies assists us in facilitating your
transaction, we, or they, may need to share information related to the transaction in order
to complete your order. Etsy also provides services or sells products jointly with affiliated
businesses, such as services that assist our Sellers with accounting or other small
business management services. These affiliated businesses may sell items or services to
you through the Services or offer promotions (including email promotions).