Please be aware that the privacy laws and standards
in certain countries, including the rights of authorities to access your personal information,
may differ from those that apply in the country in which you reside. To the extent that Etsy
is deemed to transfer personal information outside of the EEA, we rely separately,
alternatively, and independently on the following legal bases to transfer your information:
Adequacy Decisions Where available, we rely on decisions of the European Commission,
known as “adequacy decisions,” recognising that certain countries offer a level of
protection of personal data that is essentially equivalent to the EEA. A list of adequacy
decisions is available here via the European Commission website. 18

Standard Contractual Clauses Otherwise, we primarily rely on the European Commission’s
Standard Contractual Clauses for the international and onward transfer of personal data
outside of the EEA to third countries, including, for example, to the United States and
India. This includes transfers from Etsy Ireland UC to Etsy, Inc. and other Etsy Group
Companies. You can request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses by emailing
dpo@etsy.com. Necessary for the Performance of the Contract Between Etsy and Its Users You can
choose whether or not to use the Etsy Services. As we operate in countries worldwide and
use technical infrastructure in the US to deliver the Services to you, in accordance with the
contract between us (our Terms of Use), we transfer your personal information to the US
and to other jurisdictions as necessary to provide the Services. Simply put, we can’t
provide you with the Services and perform our contract with you without moving your
personal information outside of your home country, including the UK or EEA

5. How We Protect Your Information
The security of your personal information is important to us. We protect your personal
information through technical and administrative measures designed to mitigate the risk of
unlawful or unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure or use of your
data. To protect your account, we encourage you to choose your password carefully and
enable two factor authentication (2FA) for signing in. You can learn more about enhancing
your account security in your account settings. We use Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise in connection with our Services to help prevent
spam, fraud, and abuse. reCAPTCHA Enterprise collects hardware and software
information, such as device and application data, and sends it to Google for purposes of
providing, maintaining, and improving reCAPTCHA Enterprise and for general security
purposes. Your use of reCAPTCHA Enterprise is subject to Google’s Privacy Policy and
Terms of Use. 6. How Long We Store Your Information
Etsy will retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in
this Policy, for as long as your account is active, or as needed to comply with our legal
obligations under national applicable law. We decide how long we need information on a
case-by-case basis and depending on the retention laws applicable.