● Buyer Account Information
● Seller Account Information
● General Location Information
● Information from our Payment Processors
● Guest Checkout Information
● Transaction Information
● Photographs and Videos, including where you
use certain features to search for products
● Customer Support Information

To provide our Etsy Payments service
As an Etsy Seller, you may use our payment
service, Etsy Payments, to accept various
forms of payments on the Site, Apps, and
other Services. You will need to provide
certain information to set up an account. For more information, see the Etsy Payments
Policy. ● Seller Account Information

To provide Guest Checkout

● Guest Checkout Information
● Browser and Device Information
● Transaction Information
8

Why and How We Use Your Information Information Categories Used
We allow Guests to purchase items from Etsy
without an account through Guest Checkout. To promote the safety, security and integrity of
our Services
We use certain information to verify accounts
and related activity, including through our
two-factor authentication process (“2FA”), to
find and address violations of our Terms of
Use, investigate suspicious activity, detect,
prevent and combat fraudulent or other
unlawful behavior (including by automated
means) and to maintain the integrity of our
Service. ● Buyer Public Profile Information
● Seller Public Profile Information
● Buyer Account Information
● Seller Account Information
● Browser and Device Information
● Customer Support Information
● Information from our Payment Processors
● Messages Information, subject to applicable
law

To send Service communications
We use certain information to send you
administrative or account-related
communications about our Services, including
to verify your email address, welcome you to
the Services, confirm a transaction, or notify
you about an order, service availability,
changes to the Services, or updates to this
Policy, our Terms of Use, or other policies. You
may not opt out of receiving service
communications, such as emails or mobile
notifications sent for legal, security, or other
transactional purposes. ● Buyer Account Information
● Seller Account Information
● Transaction Information

To run promotions and sweepstakes
We use certain information about entrants to
our promotions and sweepstakes to manage
the relevant promotion and, where applicable,
identify the relevant winner(s). ● Promotion Information

To provide customer support
We use your information to respond to
requests for support (via the Apps, Site, or
email) and to respond to customer care and
other inquiries, including providing
telephone-based customer support to
Members or Guests (who provide their
telephone numbers). ● Buyer Account Information
● Seller Account Information
● Guest Checkout Information
● Transaction Information
● Service Usage Information
● General Location Information
● Customer Support Information

Where necessary to comply with our legal obligations

9

Our Services are subject to laws and regulations that require us to collect, use, and store your
personal information in certain ways. Where applicable, if you do not provide the personal information

required by law, we will have to close your account.